
- **Leonardo&apos;s laptop: human needs and the new computing technologies.**
    > Ben Shneiderman. Leonardo&apos;s laptop: human needs and the new computing technologies. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099555)


- **Emerging data management systems: close-up and personal.**
    > Yannis E. Ioannidis. Emerging data management systems: close-up and personal. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099556)


- **From bits and bytes to information and knowledge.**
    > Thomas Hofmann. From bits and bytes to information and knowledge. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 3. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099557)


- **Structured queries in XML retrieval.**
    > Jaap Kamps, Maarten Marx, Maarten de Rijke, etc. Structured queries in XML retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 4-11. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099559)


- **Score region algebra: building a transparent XML-R database.**
    > Vojkan Mihajlovic, Henk Ernst Blok, Djoerd Hiemstra, etc. Score region algebra: building a transparent XML-R database. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 12-19. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099560)


- **Generalized contextualization method for XML information retrieval.**
    > Paavo Arvola, Marko Junkkari, Jaana Kekäläinen. Generalized contextualization method for XML information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 20-27. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099561)


- **Decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments.**
    > Klaus Haller, Heiko Schuldt, Can Türker. Decentralized coordination of transactional processes in peer-to-peer environments. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 28-35. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099563)


- **On the complexity of computing peer agreements for consistent query answering in peer-to-peer data integration systems.**
    > Gianluigi Greco, Francesco Scarcello. On the complexity of computing peer agreements for consistent query answering in peer-to-peer data integration systems. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 36-43. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099564)


- **Internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks.**
    > Ioannis Aekaterinidis, Peter Triantafillou. Internet scale string attribute publish/subscribe data networks. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 44-51. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099565)


- **Intelligent creation of notification events in information systems: concept, implementation and evaluation.**
    > Michael Guppenberger, Burkhard Freitag. Intelligent creation of notification events in information systems: concept, implementation and evaluation. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 52-59. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099567)


- **Opportunity map: a visualization framework for fast identification of actionable knowledge.**
    > Kaidi Zhao, Bing Liu, Thomas M. Tirpak, etc. Opportunity map: a visualization framework for fast identification of actionable knowledge. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 60-67. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099568)


- **Establishing value mappings using statistical models and user feedback.**
    > Jaewoo Kang, Tae Sik Han, Dongwon Lee, etc. Establishing value mappings using statistical models and user feedback. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 68-75. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099569)


- **Retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web.**
    > Valentin Jijkoun, Maarten de Rijke. Retrieving answers from frequently asked questions pages on the web. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 76-83. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099571)


- **Finding similar questions in large question and answer archives.**
    > Jiwoon Jeon, W. Bruce Croft, Joon Ho Lee. Finding similar questions in large question and answer archives. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 84-90. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099572)


- **Connecting topics in document collections with stepping stones and pathways.**
    > Fernando Adrian Das Neves, Edward A. Fox, Xiaoyan Yu. Connecting topics in document collections with stepping stones and pathways. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 91-98. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099573)


- **Securing XML data in third-party distribution systems.**
    > Barbara Carminati, Elena Ferrari, Elisa Bertino. Securing XML data in third-party distribution systems. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 99-106. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099575)


- **The case for access control on XML relationships.**
    > Béatrice Finance, Saïda Medjdoub, Philippe Pucheral. The case for access control on XML relationships. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 107-114. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099576)


- **A function-based access control model for XML databases.**
    > Naizhen Qi, Michiharu Kudo, Jussi Myllymaki, etc. A function-based access control model for XML databases. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 115-122. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099577)


- **Exact match search in sequence data using suffix trees.**
    > Mihail Halachev, Nematollaah Shiri, Anand Thamildurai. Exact match search in sequence data using suffix trees. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 123-130. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099579)


- **Rotation invariant indexing of shapes and line drawings.**
    > Michail Vlachos, Zografoula Vagena, Philip S. Yu, etc. Rotation invariant indexing of shapes and line drawings. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 131-138. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099580)


- **DIST: a distributed spatio-temporal index structure for sensor networks.**
    > Anand Meka, Ambuj K. Singh. DIST: a distributed spatio-temporal index structure for sensor networks. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 139-146. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099581)


- **Focused crawling for both topical relevance and quality of medical information.**
    > Thanh Tin Tang, David Hawking, Nick Craswell, etc. Focused crawling for both topical relevance and quality of medical information. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 147-154. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099583)


- **Hybrid index structures for location-based web search.**
    > Yinghua Zhou, Xing Xie, Chuang Wang, etc. Hybrid index structures for location-based web search. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 155-162. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099584)


- **Person resolution in person search results: WebHawk.**
    > Xiaojun Wan, Jianfeng Gao, Mu Li, etc. Person resolution in person search results: WebHawk. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 163-170. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099585)


- **Adaptive load shedding for windowed stream joins.**
    > Bugra Gedik, Kun-Lung Wu, Philip S. Yu, etc. Adaptive load shedding for windowed stream joins. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 171-178. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099587)


- **Integrating DCT and DWT for approximating cube streams.**
    > Ming-Jyh Hsieh, Ming-Syan Chen, Philip S. Yu. Integrating DCT and DWT for approximating cube streams. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 179-186. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099588)


- **Exploiting redundancy in sensor networks for energy efficient processing of spatiotemporal region queries.**
    > Alexandru Coman, Mario A. Nascimento, Jörg Sander. Exploiting redundancy in sensor networks for energy efficient processing of spatiotemporal region queries. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 187-194. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099589)


- **Collective multi-label classification.**
    > Nadia Ghamrawi, Andrew McCallum. Collective multi-label classification. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 195-200. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099591)


- **Clustering high-dimensional data using an efficient and effective data space reduction.**
    > Ratko Orlandic, Ying Lai, Wai Gen Yee. Clustering high-dimensional data using an efficient and effective data space reduction. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 201-208. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099592)


- **Versatile structural disambiguation for semantic-aware applications.**
    > Federica Mandreoli, Riccardo Martoglia, Enrico Ronchetti. Versatile structural disambiguation for semantic-aware applications. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 209-216. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099593)


- **D-CAPE: distributed and self-tuned continuous query processing.**
    > Timothy M. Sutherland, Bin Liu, Mariana Jbantova, etc. D-CAPE: distributed and self-tuned continuous query processing. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 217-218. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099595)


- **Mining conserved XML query paths for dynamic-conscious caching.**
    > Qiankun Zhao, Sourav S. Bhowmick, Le Gruenwald. Mining conserved XML query paths for dynamic-conscious caching. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 219-220. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099596)


- **Optimizing continuous multijoin queries over distributed streams.**
    > Yongluan Zhou, Ying Yan, Beng Chin Ooi, etc. Optimizing continuous multijoin queries over distributed streams. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 221-222. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099597)


- **Processing XPath queries with XML summaries.**
    > Takeharu Eda, Makoto Onizuka, Masashi Yamamuro. Processing XPath queries with XML summaries. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 223-224. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099598)


- **On reducing redundancy and improving efficiency of XML labeling schemes.**
    > Changqing Li, Tok Wang Ling, Jiaheng Lu, etc. On reducing redundancy and improving efficiency of XML labeling schemes. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 225-226. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099599)


- **Applying cosine series to join size estimation.**
    > Cheng Luo, Zhewei Jiang, Wen-Chi Hou. Applying cosine series to join size estimation. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 227-228. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099600)


- **Database selection in intranet mediators for natural language queries.**
    > Fang Liu, Shuang Liu, Clement T. Yu, etc. Database selection in intranet mediators for natural language queries. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 229-230. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099601)


- **Structure-based query-specific document summarization.**
    > Ramakrishna Varadarajan, Vagelis Hristidis. Structure-based query-specific document summarization. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 231-232. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099602)


- **Typed functional query languages with equational specifications.**
    > Ken Q. Pu, Alberto O. Mendelzon. Typed functional query languages with equational specifications. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 233-234. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099603)


- **DSAC: integrity for outsourced databases with signature aggregation and chaining.**
    > Maithili Narasimha, Gene Tsudik. DSAC: integrity for outsourced databases with signature aggregation and chaining. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 235-236. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099604)


- **Answering aggregation queries on hierarchical web sites using adaptive sampling.**
    > Foto N. Afrati, Paraskevas V. Lekeas, Chen Li. Answering aggregation queries on hierarchical web sites using adaptive sampling. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 237-238. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099605)


- **OSQR: overlapping clustering of query results.**
    > Bhuvan Bamba, Prasan Roy, Mukesh K. Mohania. OSQR: overlapping clustering of query results. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 239-240. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099606)


- **INFER: a relational query language without the complexity of SQL.**
    > Terrence Mason, Ramon Lawrence. INFER: a relational query language without the complexity of SQL. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 241-242. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099607)


- **Efficient data dissemination using locale covers.**
    > Sandeep Gupta, Jinfeng Ni, Chinya V. Ravishankar. Efficient data dissemination using locale covers. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 243-244. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099608)


- **Incremental evaluation of a monotone XPath fragment.**
    > Hidetaka Matsumura, Keishi Tajima. Incremental evaluation of a monotone XPath fragment. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 245-246. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099609)


- **Discovering strong skyline points in high dimensional spaces.**
    > Zhenjie Zhang, Xinyu Guo, Hua Lu, etc. Discovering strong skyline points in high dimensional spaces. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 247-248. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099610)


- **Mining undiscovered public knowledge from complementary and non-interactive biomedical literature through semantic pruning.**
    > Xiaohua Hu, Illhoi Yoo, Min Song, etc. Mining undiscovered public knowledge from complementary and non-interactive biomedical literature through semantic pruning. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 249-250. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099611)


- **Access control for XML: a dynamic query rewriting approach.**
    > Sriram Mohan, Arijit Sengupta, Yuqing Wu. Access control for XML: a dynamic query rewriting approach. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 251-252. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099612)


- **Relational computation for mining association rules from XML data.**
    > Hong-Cheu Liu, John Zeleznikow. Relational computation for mining association rules from XML data. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 253-254. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099613)


- **Mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences.**
    > Helena Ahonen-Myka. Mining all maximal frequent word sequences in a set of sentences. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 255-256. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099614)


- **Joint deduplication of multiple record types in relational data.**
    > Aron Culotta, Andrew McCallum. Joint deduplication of multiple record types in relational data. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 257-258. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099615)


- **Localized routing trees for query processing in sensor networks.**
    > Jie Lian, Lei Chen, Kshirasagar Naik, etc. Localized routing trees for query processing in sensor networks. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 259-260. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099616)


- **A latent semantic classification model.**
    > Ming-Wen Wang, Jian-Yun Nie, Xue-Qiang Zeng. A latent semantic classification model. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 261-262. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099617)


- **Supporting ranked search in parallel search cluster networks.**
    > Fang Xiong, Qiong Luo, Dyce Jing Zhao. Supporting ranked search in parallel search cluster networks. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 263-264. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099618)


- **Web opinion poll: extracting people&apos;s view by impression mining from the web.**
    > Tadahiko Kumamoto, Katsumi Tanaka. Web opinion poll: extracting people&apos;s view by impression mining from the web. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 265-266. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099619)


- **Statistical relationship determination in automatic thesaurus construction.**
    > Libo Chen, Peter Fankhauser, Ulrich Thiel, etc. Statistical relationship determination in automatic thesaurus construction. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 267-268. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099620)


- **Model-guided information discovery for intelligence analysis.**
    > Rafael Alonso, Hua Li. Model-guided information discovery for intelligence analysis. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 269-270. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099621)


- **Biasing web search results for topic familiarity.**
    > Giridhar Kumaran, Rosie Jones, Omid Madani. Biasing web search results for topic familiarity. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 271-272. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099622)


- **Accurate language model estimation with document expansion.**
    > Tao Tao, Xuanhui Wang, Qiaozhu Mei, etc. Accurate language model estimation with document expansion. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 273-274. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099623)


- **Mining community structure of named entities from free text.**
    > Xin Li, Bing Liu. Mining community structure of named entities from free text. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 275-276. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099624)


- **A practical system of keyphrase extraction for web pages.**
    > Mo Chen, Jian-Tao Sun, Hua-Jun Zeng, etc. A practical system of keyphrase extraction for web pages. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 277-278. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099625)


- **Incremental stock time series data delivery and visualization.**
    > Tak-Chung Fu, Fu-Lai Chung, Pui-ying Tang, etc. Incremental stock time series data delivery and visualization. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 279-280. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099626)


- **Generating better concept hierarchies using automatic document classification.**
    > Razvan Stefan Bot, Yi-fang Brook Wu, Xin Chen, etc. Generating better concept hierarchies using automatic document classification. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 281-282. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099627)


- **Domain-specific keyphrase extraction.**
    > Yi-fang Brook Wu, Quanzhi Li, Razvan Stefan Bot, etc. Domain-specific keyphrase extraction. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 283-284. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099628)


- **An RSA-based time-bound hierarchical key assignment scheme for electronic article subscription.**
    > Jyh-haw Yeh. An RSA-based time-bound hierarchical key assignment scheme for electronic article subscription. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 285-286. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099629)


- **Maximal termsets as a query structuring mechanism.**
    > Bruno Pôssas, Nivio Ziviani, Berthier A. Ribeiro-Neto, etc. Maximal termsets as a query structuring mechanism. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 287-288. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099630)


- **Accurately extracting coherent relevant passages using hidden Markov models.**
    > Jing Jiang, ChengXiang Zhai. Accurately extracting coherent relevant passages using hidden Markov models. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 289-290. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099631)


- **Structural features in content oriented XML retrieval.**
    > Georgina Ramírez, Thijs Westerveld, Arjen P. de Vries. Structural features in content oriented XML retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 291-292. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099632)


- **Text document clustering based on frequent word sequences.**
    > Yanjun Li, Soon Myoung Chung. Text document clustering based on frequent word sequences. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 293-294. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099633)


- **Information retrieval and machine learning for probabilistic schema matching.**
    > Henrik Nottelmann, Umberto Straccia. Information retrieval and machine learning for probabilistic schema matching. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 295-296. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099634)


- **Learning to summarise XML documents using content and structure.**
    > Massih-Reza Amini, Anastasios Tombros, Nicolas Usunier, etc. Learning to summarise XML documents using content and structure. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 297-298. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099635)


- **Trust-based collaborative filtering.**
    > Jianshu Weng, Chunyan Miao, Angela Goh, etc. Trust-based collaborative filtering. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 299-300. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099636)


- **The earth mover&apos;s distance as a semantic measure for document similarity.**
    > Xiaojun Wan, Yuxin Peng. The earth mover&apos;s distance as a semantic measure for document similarity. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 301-302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099637)


- **Slicing*-tree based web page transformation for small displays.**
    > Xiangye Xiao, Qiong Luo, Dan Hong, etc. Slicing*-tree based web page transformation for small displays. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 303-304. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099638)


- **An evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval.**
    > Ronan Cummins, Colm O&apos;Riordan. An evaluation of evolved term-weighting schemes in information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 305-306. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099639)


- **Web-centric language models.**
    > Jaap Kamps. Web-centric language models. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 307-308. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099640)


- **Using RankBoost to compare retrieval systems.**
    > Huyen-Trang Vu, Patrick Gallinari. Using RankBoost to compare retrieval systems. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 309-310. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099641)


- **Static score bucketing in inverted indexes.**
    > Chavdar Botev, Nadav Eiron, Marcus Fontoura, etc. Static score bucketing in inverted indexes. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 311-312. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099642)


- **Scalable ranking for preference queries.**
    > Ying Feng, Divyakant Agrawal, Amr El Abbadi, etc. Scalable ranking for preference queries. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 313-314. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099643)


- **Finding experts in community-based question-answering services.**
    > Xiaoyong Liu, W. Bruce Croft, Matthew B. Koll. Finding experts in community-based question-answering services. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 315-316. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099644)


- **Indexing time vs. query time: trade-offs in dynamic information retrieval systems.**
    > Stefan Büttcher, Charles L. A. Clarke. Indexing time vs. query time: trade-offs in dynamic information retrieval systems. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 317-318. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099645)


- **Poison pills: harmful relevant documents in feedback.**
    > Egidio L. Terra, Robert Warren. Poison pills: harmful relevant documents in feedback. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 319-320. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099646)


- **Discretization based learning approach to information retrieval.**
    > Dmitri Roussinov, Weiguo Fan, Fernando Adrian Das Neves. Discretization based learning approach to information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 321-322. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099647)


- **Semantic verification for fact seeking engines.**
    > Dmitri Roussinov, Weiguo Fan, Fernando Adrian Das Neves. Semantic verification for fact seeking engines. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 323-324. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099648)


- **Fast webpage classification using URL features.**
    > Min-Yen Kan, Hoang Oanh Nguyen Thi. Fast webpage classification using URL features. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 325-326. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099649)


- **On the estimation of frequent itemsets for data streams: theory and experiments.**
    > Pierre-Alain Laur, Richard Nock, Jean-Emile Symphor, etc. On the estimation of frequent itemsets for data streams: theory and experiments. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 327-328. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099650)


- **Unapparent information revelation: a concept chain graph approach.**
    > Rohini K. Srihari, Sudarshan Lamkhede, Anmol Bhasin. Unapparent information revelation: a concept chain graph approach. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 329-330. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099651)


- **Document quality models for web ad hoc retrieval.**
    > Yun Zhou, W. Bruce Croft. Document quality models for web ad hoc retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 331-332. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099652)


- **Cooperative caching for k-NN search in ad hoc networks.**
    > Bo Yang, Ali R. Hurson. Cooperative caching for k-NN search in ad hoc networks. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 333-334. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099653)


- **A new framework to combine descriptors for content-based image retrieval.**
    > Ricardo da Silva Torres, Alexandre X. Falcão, Baoping Zhang, etc. A new framework to combine descriptors for content-based image retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 335-336. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099654)


- **A structure-sensitive framework for text categorization.**
    > Ganesh Ramakrishnan, Deepa Paranjpe, Byron Dom. A structure-sensitive framework for text categorization. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 337-338. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099655)


- **Efficient and effective server-sided distributed clustering.**
    > Hans-Peter Kriegel, Martin Pfeifle. Efficient and effective server-sided distributed clustering. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 339-340. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099656)


- **Evaluation of a MCA-based approach to organize data cubes.**
    > Riadh Ben Messaoud, Omar Boussaid, Sabine Rabaséda. Evaluation of a MCA-based approach to organize data cubes. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 341-342. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099657)


- **Semantic similarity over the gene ontology: family correlation and selecting disjunctive ancestors.**
    > Francisco M. Couto, Mário J. Silva, Pedro Coutinho. Semantic similarity over the gene ontology: family correlation and selecting disjunctive ancestors. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 343-344. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099658)


- **Extracting a website&apos;s content structure from its link structure.**
    > Nan Liu, Christopher C. Yang. Extracting a website&apos;s content structure from its link structure. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 345-346. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099660)


- **Frequent pattern discovery with memory constraint.**
    > Kun-Ta Chuang, Ming-Syan Chen. Frequent pattern discovery with memory constraint. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 345-346. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099659)


- **Improving intranet search-engines using context information from databases.**
    > Christoph Mangold, Holger Schwarz, Bernhard Mitschang. Improving intranet search-engines using context information from databases. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 349-350. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099661)


- **A new permutation approach for distributed association rule mining.**
    > Yiqun Huang, Zhengding Lu, Heping Hu. A new permutation approach for distributed association rule mining. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 351-352. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099662)


- **On off-topic access detection in information systems.**
    > Nazli Goharian, Ling Ma. On off-topic access detection in information systems. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 353-354. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099663)


- **Privacy leakage in multi-relational databases via pattern based semi-supervised learning.**
    > Hui Xiong, Michael S. Steinbach, Vipin Kumar. Privacy leakage in multi-relational databases via pattern based semi-supervised learning. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 355-356. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099664)


- **Document clustering using character N-grams: a comparative evaluation with term-based and word-based clustering.**
    > Yingbo Miao, Vlado Keselj, Evangelos E. Milios. Document clustering using character N-grams: a comparative evaluation with term-based and word-based clustering. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 357-358. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099665)


- **Inferring document similarity from hyperlinks.**
    > David Grangier, Samy Bengio. Inferring document similarity from hyperlinks. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 359-360. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099666)


- **A hybrid approach to NER by MEMM and manual rules.**
    > Moshe Fresko, Binyamin Rosenfeld, Ronen Feldman. A hybrid approach to NER by MEMM and manual rules. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 361-362. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099667)


- **Situation-aware risk management in autonomous agents.**
    > Martin Lorenz, Jan D. Gehrke, Hagen Langer, etc. Situation-aware risk management in autonomous agents. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 363-364. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099668)


- **Mining officially unrecognized side effects of drugs by combining web search and machine learning.**
    > Carlo Curino, Yuanyuan Jia, Bruce Lambert, etc. Mining officially unrecognized side effects of drugs by combining web search and machine learning. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 365-372. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099670)


- **MailRank: using ranking for spam detection.**
    > Paul-Alexandru Chirita, Jörg Diederich, Wolfgang Nejdl. MailRank: using ranking for spam detection. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 373-380. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099671)


- **ViPER: augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions.**
    > Kai Simon, Georg Lausen. ViPER: augmenting automatic information extraction with visual perceptions. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 381-388. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099672)


- **Interconnection semantics for keyword search in XML.**
    > Sara Cohen, Yaron Kanza, Benny Kimelfeld, etc. Interconnection semantics for keyword search in XML. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 389-396. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099674)


- **Efficient indexing and querying of XML data using modified Prüfer sequences.**
    > K. Hima Prasad, P. Sreenivasa Kumar. Efficient indexing and querying of XML data using modified Prüfer sequences. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 397-404. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099675)


- **Towards automatic association of relevant unstructured content with structured query results.**
    > Prasan Roy, Mukesh K. Mohania, Bhuvan Bamba, etc. Towards automatic association of relevant unstructured content with structured query results. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 405-412. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099676)


- **Predicting accuracy of extracting information from unstructured text collections.**
    > Eugene Agichtein, Silviu Cucerzan. Predicting accuracy of extracting information from unstructured text collections. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 413-420. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099678)


- **WAM-Miner: in the search of web access motifs from historical web log data.**
    > Qiankun Zhao, Sourav S. Bhowmick, Le Gruenwald. WAM-Miner: in the search of web access motifs from historical web log data. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 421-428. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099679)


- **A framework for mining topological patterns in spatio-temporal databases.**
    > Junmei Wang, Wynne Hsu, Mong-Li Lee. A framework for mining topological patterns in spatio-temporal databases. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 429-436. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099680)


- **Automated cleansing for spend analytics.**
    > Moninder Singh, Jayant Kalagnanam, Sudhir Verma, etc. Automated cleansing for spend analytics. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 437-445. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099682)


- **Feature-based recommendation system.**
    > Eui-Hong Han, George Karypis. Feature-based recommendation system. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 446-452. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099683)


- **Automatic analysis of call-center conversations.**
    > Gilad Mishne, David Carmel, Ron Hoory, etc. Automatic analysis of call-center conversations. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 453-459. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099684)


- **A new approach to intranet search based on information extraction.**
    > Hang Li, Yunbo Cao, Jun Xu, etc. A new approach to intranet search based on information extraction. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 460-468. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099685)


- **A novel refinement approach for text categorization.**
    > Songbo Tan, Xueqi Cheng, Moustafa Ghanem, etc. A novel refinement approach for text categorization. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 469-476. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099687)


- **Intelligent GP fusion from multiple sources for text classification.**
    > Baoping Zhang, Yuxin Chen, Weiguo Fan, etc. Intelligent GP fusion from multiple sources for text classification. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 477-484. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099688)


- **Time weight collaborative filtering.**
    > Yi Ding, Xue Li. Time weight collaborative filtering. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 485-492. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099689)


- **Handling frequent updates of moving objects.**
    > Bin Lin, Jianwen Su. Handling frequent updates of moving objects. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 493-500. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099691)


- **QED: a novel quaternary encoding to completely avoid re-labeling in XML updates.**
    > Changqing Li, Tok Wang Ling. QED: a novel quaternary encoding to completely avoid re-labeling in XML updates. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 501-508. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099692)


- **Detecting changes on unordered XML documents using relational databases: a schema-conscious approach.**
    > Erwin Leonardi, Sourav S. Bhowmick. Detecting changes on unordered XML documents using relational databases: a schema-conscious approach. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 509-516. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099693)


- **Similarity measures for tracking information flow.**
    > Donald Metzler, Yaniv Bernstein, W. Bruce Croft, etc. Similarity measures for tracking information flow. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 517-524. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099695)


- **Word sense disambiguation in queries.**
    > Shuang Liu, Clement T. Yu, Weiyi Meng. Word sense disambiguation in queries. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 525-532. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099696)


- **ERkNN: efficient reverse k-nearest neighbors retrieval with local kNN-distance estimation.**
    > Chenyi Xia, Wynne Hsu, Mong-Li Lee. ERkNN: efficient reverse k-nearest neighbors retrieval with local kNN-distance estimation. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 533-540. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099697)


- **Kalchas: a dynamic XML search engine.**
    > Rasmus Kaae, Thanh-Duy Nguyen, Dennis Nørgaard, etc. Kalchas: a dynamic XML search engine. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 541-548. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099699)


- **Order checking in a CPOE using event analyzer.**
    > Lilian Harada, Yuuji Hotta. Order checking in a CPOE using event analyzer. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 549-555. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099700)


- **SyynX solutions: practical knowledge management in a medical environment.**
    > Christian Herzog, Gianpiero Liuzzi, Mario Diwersy. SyynX solutions: practical knowledge management in a medical environment. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 556-559. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099701)


- **Leveraging collective knowledge.**
    > Henry Kon, Michael Hoey. Leveraging collective knowledge. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 560-567. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099702)


- **Taxonomies by the numbers: building high-performance taxonomies.**
    > Stephen C. Gates, Wilfried Teiken, Keh-Shin F. Cheng. Taxonomies by the numbers: building high-performance taxonomies. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 568-577. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099703)


- **Distributed PageRank computation based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation methods.**
    > Yangbo Zhu, Shaozhi Ye, Xing Li. Distributed PageRank computation based on iterative aggregation-disaggregation methods. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 578-585. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099705)


- **Scalable summary based retrieval in P2P networks.**
    > Wolfgang Müller, Martin Eisenhardt, Andreas Henrich. Scalable summary based retrieval in P2P networks. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 586-593. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099706)


- **Compact reachability labeling for graph-structured data.**
    > Hao He, Haixun Wang, Jun Yang, etc. Compact reachability labeling for graph-structured data. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 594-601. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099708)


- **A formal characterization of PIVOT/UNPIVOT.**
    > Catharine M. Wyss, Edward L. Robertson. A formal characterization of PIVOT/UNPIVOT. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 602-608. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099709)


- **A novel approach for privacy-preserving video sharing.**
    > Jianping Fan, Hangzai Luo, Mohand-Said Hacid, etc. A novel approach for privacy-preserving video sharing. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 609-616. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099711)


- **Determining the semantic orientation of terms through gloss classification.**
    > Andrea Esuli, Fabrizio Sebastiani. Determining the semantic orientation of terms through gloss classification. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 617-624. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099713)


- **Using appraisal groups for sentiment analysis.**
    > Casey Whitelaw, Navendu Garg, Shlomo Argamon. Using appraisal groups for sentiment analysis. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 625-631. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099714)


- **Effects of web document evolution on genre classification.**
    > Elizabeth Sugar Boese, Adele E. Howe. Effects of web document evolution on genre classification. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 632-639. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099715)


- **Query workload-aware overlay construction using histograms.**
    > Georgia Koloniari, Yannis Petrakis, Evaggelia Pitoura, etc. Query workload-aware overlay construction using histograms. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 640-647. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099717)


- **Optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices.**
    > Doron Rotem, Kurt Stockinger, Kesheng Wu. Optimizing candidate check costs for bitmap indices. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 648-655. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099718)


- **Towards estimating the number of distinct value combinations for a set of attributes.**
    > Xiaohui Yu, Calisto Zuzarte, Kenneth C. Sevcik. Towards estimating the number of distinct value combinations for a set of attributes. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 656-663. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099719)


- **A geometric interpretation and analysis of R-precision.**
    > Javed A. Aslam, Emine Yilmaz. A geometric interpretation and analysis of R-precision. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 664-671. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099721)


- **Regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores.**
    > Fernando Diaz. Regularizing ad hoc retrieval scores. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 672-679. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099722)


- **Incremental test collections.**
    > Ben Carterette, James Allan. Incremental test collections. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 680-687. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099723)


- **Query expansion using term relationships in language models for information retrieval.**
    > Jing Bai, Dawei Song, Peter Bruza, etc. Query expansion using term relationships in language models for information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 688-695. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099725)


- **Concept-based interactive query expansion.**
    > Bruno M. Fonseca, Paulo Braz Golgher, Bruno Pôssas, etc. Concept-based interactive query expansion. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 696-703. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099726)


- **Query expansion using random walk models.**
    > Kevyn Collins-Thompson, Jamie Callan. Query expansion using random walk models. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 704-711. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099727)


- **Semantic querying of tree-structured data sources using partially specified tree patterns.**
    > Dimitri Theodoratos, Theodore Dalamagas, Antonis Koufopoulos, etc. Semantic querying of tree-structured data sources using partially specified tree patterns. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 712-719. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099729)


- **Selectivity-based partitioning: a divide-and-union paradigm for effective query optimization.**
    > Neoklis Polyzotis. Selectivity-based partitioning: a divide-and-union paradigm for effective query optimization. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 720-727. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099730)


- **Efficient evaluation of parameterized pattern queries.**
    > Cédric du Mouza, Philippe Rigaux, Michel Scholl. Efficient evaluation of parameterized pattern queries. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 728-735. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099731)


- **Redundant documents and search effectiveness.**
    > Yaniv Bernstein, Justin Zobel. Redundant documents and search effectiveness. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 736-743. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099733)


- **Novelty detection based on sentence level patterns.**
    > Xiaoyan Li, W. Bruce Croft. Novelty detection based on sentence level patterns. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 744-751. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099734)


- **Minimal document set retrieval.**
    > Wei Dai, Rohini K. Srihari. Minimal document set retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 752-759. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099735)


- **A model for weighting image objects in home photographs.**
    > Jean Martinet, Yves Chiaramella, Philippe Mulhem. A model for weighting image objects in home photographs. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 760-767. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099737)


- **Automatic construction of multifaceted browsing interfaces.**
    > Wisam Dakka, Panagiotis G. Ipeirotis, Kenneth R. Wood. Automatic construction of multifaceted browsing interfaces. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 768-775. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099738)


- **Fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning.**
    > Nicholas Lester, Alistair Moffat, Justin Zobel. Fast on-line index construction by geometric partitioning. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 776-783. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099739)


- **Optimizing cursor movement in holistic twig joins.**
    > Marcus Fontoura, Vanja Josifovski, Eugene J. Shekita, etc. Optimizing cursor movement in holistic twig joins. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 784-791. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099741)


- **Consistent query answering under key and exclusion dependencies: algorithms and experiments.**
    > Luca Grieco, Domenico Lembo, Riccardo Rosati, etc. Consistent query answering under key and exclusion dependencies: algorithms and experiments. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 792-799. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099742)


- **Balancing performance and confidentiality in air index.**
    > Qingzhao Tan, Wang-Chien Lee, Baihua Zheng, etc. Balancing performance and confidentiality in air index. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 800-807. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099743)


- **Context modeling and discovery using vector space bases.**
    > Massimo Melucci. Context modeling and discovery using vector space bases. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 808-815. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099745)


- **Y!Q: contextual search at the point of inspiration.**
    > Reiner Kraft, Farzin Maghoul, Chi-Chao Chang. Y!Q: contextual search at the point of inspiration. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 816-823. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099746)


- **Implicit user modeling for personalized search.**
    > Xuehua Shen, Bin Tan, ChengXiang Zhai. Implicit user modeling for personalized search. in Proceedings of the 2005 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Bremen, Germany, October 31 - November 5, 2005(CIKM' 05). 824-831. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1099554.1099747)
