
- **Humane data mining.**
    > Rakesh Agrawal. Humane data mining. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1-2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458083)


- **Dynamic faceted search for discovery-driven analysis.**
    > Debabrata Dash, Jun Rao, Nimrod Megiddo, etc. Dynamic faceted search for discovery-driven analysis. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 3-12. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458087)


- **Minimum-effort driven dynamic faceted search in structured databases.**
    > Senjuti Basu Roy, Haidong Wang, Gautam Das, etc. Minimum-effort driven dynamic faceted search in structured databases. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 13-22. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458088)


- **A language for manipulating clustered web documents results.**
    > Gloria Bordogna, Alessandro Campi, Giuseppe Psaila, etc. A language for manipulating clustered web documents results. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 23-32. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458089)


- **Integrating web query results: holistic schema matching.**
    > Shui-Lung Chuang, Kevin Chen-Chuan Chang. Integrating web query results: holistic schema matching. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 33-42. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458090)


- **How does clickthrough data reflect retrieval quality?**
    > Filip Radlinski, Madhu Kurup, Thorsten Joachims. How does clickthrough data reflect retrieval quality? in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 43-52. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458092)


- **Efficient and effective link analysis with precomputed salsa maps.**
    > Marc Najork, Nick Craswell. Efficient and effective link analysis with precomputed salsa maps. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 53-62. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458093)


- **Achieving both high precision and high recall in near-duplicate detection.**
    > Lian&apos;en Huang, Lei Wang, Xiaoming Li. Achieving both high precision and high recall in near-duplicate detection. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 63-72. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458094)


- **Are click-through data adequate for learning web search rankings?**
    > Zhicheng Dou, Ruihua Song, Xiaojie Yuan, etc. Are click-through data adequate for learning web search rankings? in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 73-82. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458095)


- **Error-driven generalist+experts (edge): a multi-stage ensemble framework for text categorization.**
    > Jian Huang, Omid Madani, C. Lee Giles. Error-driven generalist+experts (edge): a multi-stage ensemble framework for text categorization. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 83-92. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458097)


- **A sparse gaussian processes classification framework for fast tag suggestions.**
    > Yang Song, Lu Zhang, C. Lee Giles. A sparse gaussian processes classification framework for fast tag suggestions. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 93-102. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458098)


- **Transfer learning from multiple source domains via consensus regularization.**
    > Ping Luo, Fuzhen Zhuang, Hui Xiong, etc. Transfer learning from multiple source domains via consensus regularization. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 103-112. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458099)


- **Classifying networked entities with modularity kernels.**
    > Dell Zhang, Robert Mao. Classifying networked entities with modularity kernels. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 113-122. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458100)


- **Web-scale named entity recognition.**
    > Casey Whitelaw, Alexander Kehlenbeck, Nemanja Petrovic, etc. Web-scale named entity recognition. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 123-132. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458102)


- **Semi-automated logging of contact center telephone calls.**
    > Roy J. Byrd, Mary S. Neff, Wilfried Teiken, etc. Semi-automated logging of contact center telephone calls. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 133-142. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458103)


- **MedSearch: a specialized search engine for medical information retrieval.**
    > Gang Luo, Chunqiang Tang, Hao Yang, etc. MedSearch: a specialized search engine for medical information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 143-152. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458104)


- **An empirical study of required dimensionality for large-scale latent semantic indexing applications.**
    > Roger B. Bradford. An empirical study of required dimensionality for large-scale latent semantic indexing applications. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 153-162. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458105)


- **Content-based filtering for efficient online materialized view maintenance.**
    > Gang Luo, Philip S. Yu. Content-based filtering for efficient online materialized view maintenance. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 163-172. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458107)


- **A step towards incremental maintenance of the composed schema mapping.**
    > Gang Qian, Yisheng Dong. A step towards incremental maintenance of the composed schema mapping. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 173-182. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458108)


- **Modeling and exploiting query interactions in database systems.**
    > Mumtaz Ahmad, Ashraf Aboulnaga, Shivnath Babu, etc. Modeling and exploiting query interactions in database systems. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 183-192. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458109)


- **A novel optimization approach to efficiently process aggregate similarity queries in metric access methods.**
    > Humberto Luiz Razente, Maria Camila Nardini Barioni, Agma J. M. Traina, etc. A novel optimization approach to efficiently process aggregate similarity queries in metric access methods. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 193-202. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458110)


- **Can all tags be used for search?**
    > Kerstin Bischoff, Claudiu S. Firan, Wolfgang Nejdl, etc. Can all tags be used for search? in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 193-202. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458112)


- **Comparing citation contexts for information retrieval.**
    > Anna Ritchie, Stephen Robertson, Simone Teufel. Comparing citation contexts for information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 213-222. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458113)


- **Social tags: meaning and suggestions.**
    > Fabian M. Suchanek, Milan Vojnovic, Dinan Gunawardena. Social tags: meaning and suggestions. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 223-232. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458114)


- **Mining social networks using heat diffusion processes for marketing candidates selection.**
    > Hao Ma, Haixuan Yang, Michael R. Lyu, etc. Mining social networks using heat diffusion processes for marketing candidates selection. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 233-242. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458115)


- **Exploiting temporal contexts in text classification.**
    > Leonardo Rocha, Fernando Mourão, Adriano C. M. Pereira, etc. Exploiting temporal contexts in text classification. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 243-252. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458117)


- **Kernel methods, syntax and semantics for relational text categorization.**
    > Alessandro Moschitti. Kernel methods, syntax and semantics for relational text categorization. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 253-262. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458118)


- **BNS feature scaling: an improved representation over tf-idf for svm text classification.**
    > George Forman. BNS feature scaling: an improved representation over tf-idf for svm text classification. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 263-270. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458119)


- **Learning a two-stage SVM/CRF sequence classifier.**
    > Guilherme Hoefel, Charles Elkan. Learning a two-stage SVM/CRF sequence classifier. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 271-278. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458120)


- **Local approximation of pagerank and reverse pagerank.**
    > Ziv Bar-Yossef, Li-Tal Mashiach. Local approximation of pagerank and reverse pagerank. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 279-288. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458122)


- **Link privacy in social networks.**
    > Aleksandra Korolova, Rajeev Motwani, Shubha U. Nabar, etc. Link privacy in social networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 289-298. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458123)


- **On effective presentation of graph patterns: a structural representative approach.**
    > Chen Chen, Cindy Xide Lin, Xifeng Yan, etc. On effective presentation of graph patterns: a structural representative approach. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 299-308. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458124)


- **Characterizing and predicting community members from evolutionary and heterogeneous networks.**
    > Qiankun Zhao, Sourav S. Bhowmick, Xin Zheng, etc. Characterizing and predicting community members from evolutionary and heterogeneous networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 309-318. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458125)


- **An algorithm to determine peer-reviewers.**
    > Marko A. Rodriguez, Johan Bollen. An algorithm to determine peer-reviewers. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 319-328. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458127)


- **Spam characterization and detection in peer-to-peer file-sharing systems.**
    > Dongmei Jia, Wai Gen Yee, Ophir Frieder. Spam characterization and detection in peer-to-peer file-sharing systems. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 329-338. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458128)


- **Predicting web spam with HTTP session information.**
    > Steve Webb, James Caverlee, Calton Pu. Predicting web spam with HTTP session information. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 339-348. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458129)


- **Inferring semantic query relations from collective user behavior.**
    > Nish Parikh, Neel Sundaresan. Inferring semantic query relations from collective user behavior. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 349-358. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458130)


- **Anomaly-free incremental output in stream processing.**
    > George A. Mihaila, Ioana Stanoi, Christian A. Lang. Anomaly-free incremental output in stream processing. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 359-368. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458132)


- **SNIF TOOL: sniffing for patterns in continuous streams.**
    > Abhishek Mukherji, Elke A. Rundensteiner, David C. Brown, etc. SNIF TOOL: sniffing for patterns in continuous streams. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 369-378. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458133)


- **Real-time new event detection for video streams.**
    > Gang Luo, Rong Yan, Philip S. Yu. Real-time new event detection for video streams. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 379-388. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458134)


- **Linear time membership in a class of regular expressions with interleaving and counting.**
    > Giorgio Ghelli, Dario Colazzo, Carlo Sartiani. Linear time membership in a class of regular expressions with interleaving and counting. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 389-398. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458135)


- **Generalized inverse document frequency.**
    > Donald Metzler. Generalized inverse document frequency. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 399-408. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458137)


- **TinyLex: static n-gram index pruning with perfect recall.**
    > Derrick Coetzee. TinyLex: static n-gram index pruning with perfect recall. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 409-418. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458138)


- **Revisiting the relationship between document length and relevance.**
    > David E. Losada, Leif Azzopardi, Mark Baillie. Revisiting the relationship between document length and relevance. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 419-428. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458139)


- **Relating dependent indexes using dempster-shafer theory.**
    > Lixin Shi, Jian-Yun Nie, Guihong Cao. Relating dependent indexes using dempster-shafer theory. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 429-438. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458140)


- **Improved query difficulty prediction for the web.**
    > Claudia Hauff, Vanessa Murdock, Ricardo Baeza-Yates. Improved query difficulty prediction for the web. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 439-448. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458142)


- **Understanding the relationship between searchers&apos; queries and information goals.**
    > Doug Downey, Susan T. Dumais, Daniel J. Liebling, etc. Understanding the relationship between searchers&apos; queries and information goals. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 449-458. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458143)


- **Active relevance feedback for difficult queries.**
    > Zuobing Xu, Ram Akella. Active relevance feedback for difficult queries. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 459-468. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458144)


- **Query suggestion using hitting time.**
    > Qiaozhu Mei, Dengyong Zhou, Kenneth Ward Church. Query suggestion using hitting time. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 469-478. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458145)


- **Mining term association patterns from search logs for effective query reformulation.**
    > Xuanhui Wang, ChengXiang Zhai. Mining term association patterns from search logs for effective query reformulation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 479-488. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458147)


- **Non-local evidence for expert finding.**
    > Krisztian Balog, Maarten de Rijke. Non-local evidence for expert finding. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 489-498. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458148)


- **Discovering leaders from community actions.**
    > Amit Goyal, Francesco Bonchi, Laks V. S. Lakshmanan. Discovering leaders from community actions. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 499-508. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458149)


- **Learning to link with wikipedia.**
    > David N. Milne, Ian H. Witten. Learning to link with wikipedia. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 509-518. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458150)


- **Markov logic: a unifying language for knowledge and information management.**
    > Pedro M. Domingos. Markov logic: a unifying language for knowledge and information management. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 519. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458084)


- **Rewriting of visibly pushdown languages for xml data integration.**
    > Alex Thomo, Srinivasan Venkatesh. Rewriting of visibly pushdown languages for xml data integration. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 521-530. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458152)


- **Some rewrite optimizations of DB2 XQuery navigation.**
    > Guangjun Xie, Qi Cheng, Jarek Gryz, etc. Some rewrite optimizations of DB2 XQuery navigation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 531-540. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458153)


- **Pruning nested XQuery queries.**
    > Bilel Gueni, Talel Abdessalem, Bogdan Cautis, etc. Pruning nested XQuery queries. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 541-550. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458154)


- **A heuristic approach for checking containment of generalized tree-pattern queries.**
    > Pawel Placek, Dimitri Theodoratos, Stefanos Souldatos, etc. A heuristic approach for checking containment of generalized tree-pattern queries. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 551-560. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458155)


- **Retrievability: an evaluation measure for higher order information access tasks.**
    > Leif Azzopardi, Vishwa Vinay. Retrievability: an evaluation measure for higher order information access tasks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 561-570. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458157)


- **Statistical power in retrieval experimentation.**
    > William Webber, Alistair Moffat, Justin Zobel. Statistical power in retrieval experimentation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 571-580. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458158)


- **Comparing metrics across TREC and NTCIR: the robustness to system bias.**
    > Tetsuya Sakai. Comparing metrics across TREC and NTCIR: the robustness to system bias. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 581-590. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458159)


- **How evaluator domain expertise affects search result relevance judgments.**
    > Kenneth A. Kinney, Scott B. Huffman, Juting Zhai. How evaluator domain expertise affects search result relevance judgments. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 591-598. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458160)


- **Clustered subset selection and its applications on it service metrics.**
    > Christos Boutsidis, Jimeng Sun, Nikos Anerousis. Clustered subset selection and its applications on it service metrics. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 599-608. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458162)


- **The query-flow graph: model and applications.**
    > Paolo Boldi, Francesco Bonchi, Carlos Castillo, etc. The query-flow graph: model and applications. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 609-618. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458163)


- **A framework for estimating complex probability density structures in data streams.**
    > Arnold P. Boedihardjo, Chang-Tien Lu, Feng Chen. A framework for estimating complex probability density structures in data streams. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 619-628. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458164)


- **Proactive learning: cost-sensitive active learning with multiple imperfect oracles.**
    > Pinar Donmez, Jaime G. Carbonell. Proactive learning: cost-sensitive active learning with multiple imperfect oracles. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 619-628. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458165)


- **Exploiting pipeline interruptions for efficient memory allocation.**
    > Josep Aguilar-Saborit, Mohammad Jalali, Dave Sharpe, etc. Exploiting pipeline interruptions for efficient memory allocation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 639-648. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458169)


- **A new method for indexing genomes using on-disk suffix trees.**
    > Marina Barsky, Ulrike Stege, Alex Thomo, etc. A new method for indexing genomes using on-disk suffix trees. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 649-658. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458170)


- **Supporting sub-document updates and queries in an inverted index.**
    > Vuk Ercegovac, Vanja Josifovski, Ning Li, etc. Supporting sub-document updates and queries in an inverted index. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 659-668. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458171)


- **Modeling LSH for performance tuning.**
    > Wei Dong, Zhe Wang, William Josephson, etc. Modeling LSH for performance tuning. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 669-678. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458172)


- **Can phrase indexing help to process non-phrase queries?**
    > Mingjie Zhu, Shuming Shi, Nenghai Yu, etc. Can phrase indexing help to process non-phrase queries? in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 679-688. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458174)


- **Matching task profiles and user needs in personalized web search.**
    > Julia Luxenburger, Shady Elbassuoni, Gerhard Weikum. Matching task profiles and user needs in personalized web search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 689-698. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458175)


- **Beyond the session timeout: automatic hierarchical segmentation of search topics in query logs.**
    > Rosie Jones, Kristina Lisa Klinkner. Beyond the session timeout: automatic hierarchical segmentation of search topics in query logs. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 699-708. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458176)


- **Learning latent semantic relations from clickthrough data for query suggestion.**
    > Hao Ma, Haixuan Yang, Irwin King, etc. Learning latent semantic relations from clickthrough data for query suggestion. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 709-718. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458177)


- **Simultaneous multilingual search for translingual information retrieval.**
    > Kristen Parton, Kathleen R. McKeown, James Allan, etc. Simultaneous multilingual search for translingual information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 719-728. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458179)


- **Translation enhancement: a new relevance feedback method for cross-language information retrieval.**
    > Daqing He, Dan Wu. Translation enhancement: a new relevance feedback method for cross-language information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 729-738. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458180)


- **High-dimensional descriptor indexing for large multimedia databases.**
    > Eduardo Valle, Matthieu Cord, Sylvie Philipp-Foliguet. High-dimensional descriptor indexing for large multimedia databases. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 739-748. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458181)


- **On low dimensional random projections and similarity search.**
    > Yu-En Lu, Pietro Liò, Steven Hand. On low dimensional random projections and similarity search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 749-758. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458182)


- **Fast mining of complex time-stamped events.**
    > Hanghang Tong, Yasushi Sakurai, Tina Eliassi-Rad, etc. Fast mining of complex time-stamped events. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 759-768. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458184)


- **Predicting individual disease risk based on medical history.**
    > Darcy A. Davis, Nitesh V. Chawla, Nicholas Blumm, etc. Predicting individual disease risk based on medical history. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 769-778. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458185)


- **Identification of gene function using prediction by partial matching (PPM) language models.**
    > Malika Mahoui, William John Teahan, Arvind Kumar Thirumalaiswamy Sekhar, etc. Identification of gene function using prediction by partial matching (PPM) language models. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 779-786. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458186)


- **Fast correlation analysis on time series datasets.**
    > Philon Nguyen, Nematollaah Shiri. Fast correlation analysis on time series datasets. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 787-796. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458187)


- **Wildcards for lightweight information integration in virtual desktops.**
    > Rodolfo Stecher, Claudia Niederée, Wolfgang Nejdl. Wildcards for lightweight information integration in virtual desktops. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 797-806. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458189)


- **Finding informative commonalities in concept collections.**
    > Simona Colucci, Eugenio Di Sciascio, Francesco M. Donini, etc. Finding informative commonalities in concept collections. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 807-817. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458190)


- **Association thesaurus construction methods based on link co-occurrence analysis for wikipedia.**
    > Masahiro Ito, Kotaro Nakayama, Takahiro Hara, etc. Association thesaurus construction methods based on link co-occurrence analysis for wikipedia. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 817-826. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458191)


- **Peer production of structured knowledge -: an empirical study of ratings and incentive mechanisms.**
    > Christian Hütter, Conny Kühne, Klemens Böhm. Peer production of structured knowledge -: an empirical study of ratings and incentive mechanisms. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 827-842. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458192)


- **Efficient techniques for document sanitization.**
    > Venkatesan T. Chakaravarthy, Himanshu Gupta, Prasan Roy, etc. Efficient techniques for document sanitization. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 843-852. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458194)


- **Vanity fair: privacy in querylog bundles.**
    > Rosie Jones, Ravi Kumar, Bo Pang, etc. Vanity fair: privacy in querylog bundles. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 853-862. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458195)


- **Dual encryption for query integrity assurance.**
    > Haixun Wang, Jian Yin, Chang-Shing Perng, etc. Dual encryption for query integrity assurance. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 863-872. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458196)


- **Records retention in relational database systems.**
    > Ahmed A. Ataullah, Ashraf Aboulnaga, Frank Wm. Tompa. Records retention in relational database systems. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 873-882. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458197)


- **Joke retrieval: recognizing the same joke told differently.**
    > Lisa Friedland, James Allan. Joke retrieval: recognizing the same joke told differently. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 883-892. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458199)


- **Ranked feature fusion models for ad hoc retrieval.**
    > Jeremy Pickens, Gene Golovchinsky. Ranked feature fusion models for ad hoc retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 893-900. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458200)


- **AdaSum: an adaptive model for summarization.**
    > Jin Zhang, Xueqi Cheng, Gaowei Wu, etc. AdaSum: an adaptive model for summarization. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 901-910. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458201)


- **Modeling hidden topics on document manifold.**
    > Deng Cai, Qiaozhu Mei, Jiawei Han, etc. Modeling hidden topics on document manifold. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 911-920. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458202)


- **Tapping on the potential of q&amp;a community by recommending answer providers.**
    > Jinwen Guo, Shengliang Xu, Shenghua Bao, etc. Tapping on the potential of q&amp;a community by recommending answer providers. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 921-930. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458204)


- **SoRec: social recommendation using probabilistic matrix factorization.**
    > Hao Ma, Haixuan Yang, Michael R. Lyu, etc. SoRec: social recommendation using probabilistic matrix factorization. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 931-940. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458205)


- **Probabilistic polyadic factorization and its application to personalized recommendation.**
    > Yun Chi, Shenghuo Zhu, Yihong Gong, etc. Probabilistic polyadic factorization and its application to personalized recommendation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 941-950. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458206)


- **A random walk on the red carpet: rating movies with user reviews and pagerank.**
    > Derry Tanti Wijaya, Stéphane Bressan. A random walk on the red carpet: rating movies with user reviews and pagerank. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 951-960. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458207)


- **REDUS: finding reducible subspaces in high dimensional data.**
    > Xiang Zhang, Feng Pan, Wei Wang. REDUS: finding reducible subspaces in high dimensional data. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 961-970. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458209)


- **Mining influential attributes that capture class and group contrast behaviour.**
    > Elsa Loekito, James Bailey. Mining influential attributes that capture class and group contrast behaviour. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 971-980. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458210)


- **Real-time data pre-processing technique for efficient feature extraction in large scale datasets.**
    > Ying Liu, Lucian Vlad Lita, Radu Stefan Niculescu, etc. Real-time data pre-processing technique for efficient feature extraction in large scale datasets. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 981-990. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458211)


- **Structure feature selection for graph classification.**
    > Hongliang Fei, Jun Huan. Structure feature selection for graph classification. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 991-1000. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458212)


- **Unsolved problems in search: (and how we approach them).**
    > W. Bruce Croft. Unsolved problems in search: (and how we approach them). in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1001. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458085)


- **To swing or not to swing: learning when (not) to advertise.**
    > Andrei Z. Broder, Massimiliano Ciaramita, Marcus Fontoura, etc. To swing or not to swing: learning when (not) to advertise. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1003-1012. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458216)


- **Search advertising using web relevance feedback.**
    > Andrei Z. Broder, Peter Ciccolo, Marcus Fontoura, etc. Search advertising using web relevance feedback. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1013-1022. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458217)


- **A two-stage text mining model for information filtering.**
    > Yuefeng Li, Xujuan Zhou, Peter Bruza, etc. A two-stage text mining model for information filtering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1023-1032. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458218)


- **Automatic online news topic ranking using media focus and user attention based on aging theory.**
    > Canhui Wang, Min Zhang, Liyun Ru, etc. Automatic online news topic ranking using media focus and user attention based on aging theory. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1033-1042. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458219)


- **Key blog distillation: ranking aggregates.**
    > Craig Macdonald, Iadh Ounis. Key blog distillation: ranking aggregates. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1043-1052. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458221)


- **Blog site search using resource selection.**
    > Jangwon Seo, W. Bruce Croft. Blog site search using resource selection. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1053-1062. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458222)


- **An effective statistical approach to blog post opinion retrieval.**
    > Ben He, Craig Macdonald, Jiyin He, etc. An effective statistical approach to blog post opinion retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1063-1072. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458223)


- **A consensus based approach to constrained clustering of software requirements.**
    > Chuan Duan, Jane Cleland-Huang, Bamshad Mobasher. A consensus based approach to constrained clustering of software requirements. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1073-1082. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458225)


- **Data weaving: scaling up the state-of-the-art in data clustering.**
    > Ron Bekkerman, Martin Scholz. Data weaving: scaling up the state-of-the-art in data clustering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1083-1092. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458226)


- **EDSC: efficient density-based subspace clustering.**
    > Ira Assent, Ralph Krieger, Emmanuel Müller, etc. EDSC: efficient density-based subspace clustering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1093-1102. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458227)


- **An effective algorithm for mining 3-clusters in vertically partitioned data.**
    > Faris Alqadah, Raj Bhatnagar. An effective algorithm for mining 3-clusters in vertically partitioned data. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1103-1112. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458228)


- **Multi-aspect expertise matching for review assignment.**
    > Maryam Karimzadehgan, ChengXiang Zhai, Geneva G. Belford. Multi-aspect expertise matching for review assignment. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1113-1122. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458230)


- **Dr. Searcher and Mr. Browser: a unified hyperlink-click graph.**
    > Barbara Poblete, Carlos Castillo, Aristides Gionis. Dr. Searcher and Mr. Browser: a unified hyperlink-click graph. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1123-1132. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458231)


- **Modeling multi-step relevance propagation for expert finding.**
    > Pavel Serdyukov, Henning Rode, Djoerd Hiemstra. Modeling multi-step relevance propagation for expert finding. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1133-1142. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458232)


- **Trada: tree based ranking function adaptation.**
    > Keke Chen, Rongqing Lu, C. K. Wong, etc. Trada: tree based ranking function adaptation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1143-1152. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458233)


- **Structural relevance: a common basis for the evaluation of structured document retrieval.**
    > Mir Sadek Ali, Mariano P. Consens, Gabriella Kazai, etc. Structural relevance: a common basis for the evaluation of structured document retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1153-1162. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458235)


- **A generative retrieval model for structured documents.**
    > Le Zhao, Jamie Callan. A generative retrieval model for structured documents. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1163-1172. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458236)


- **A densitometric approach to web page segmentation.**
    > Christian Kohlschütter, Wolfgang Nejdl. A densitometric approach to web page segmentation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1173-1182. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458237)


- **Using structured text for large-scale attribute extraction.**
    > Sujith Ravi, Marius Pasca. Using structured text for large-scale attribute extraction. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1183-1192. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458238)


- **Identification of class specific discourse patterns.**
    > Anup Chalamalla, Sumit Negi, L. Venkata Subramaniam, etc. Identification of class specific discourse patterns. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1193-1202. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458240)


- **Scalable community discovery on textual data with relations.**
    > Huajing Li, Zaiqing Nie, Wang-Chien Lee, etc. Scalable community discovery on textual data with relations. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1203-1212. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458241)


- **Information shared by many objects.**
    > Chong Long, Xiaoyan Zhu, Ming Li, etc. Information shared by many objects. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1213-1220. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458242)


- **Extremely fast text feature extraction for classification and indexing.**
    > George Forman, Evan Kirshenbaum. Extremely fast text feature extraction for classification and indexing. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1221-1230. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458243)


- **Valid scope computation for location-dependent spatial query in mobile broadcast environments.**
    > Ken C. K. Lee, Josh Schiffman, Baihua Zheng, etc. Valid scope computation for location-dependent spatial query in mobile broadcast environments. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1231-1240. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458245)


- **Adaptive distributed indexing for structured peer-to-peer networks.**
    > Linh Thai Nguyen, Wai Gen Yee, Ophir Frieder. Adaptive distributed indexing for structured peer-to-peer networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1241-1250. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458246)


- **PROQID: partial restarts of queries in distributed databases.**
    > Jon Olav Hauglid, Kjetil Nørvåg. PROQID: partial restarts of queries in distributed databases. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1251-1260. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458247)


- **Answering questions with authority.**
    > Andrew Hickl. Answering questions with authority. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1261-1270. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458249)


- **Cache-aware load balancing for question answering.**
    > David Dominguez-Sal, Mihai Surdeanu, Josep Aguilar-Saborit, etc. Cache-aware load balancing for question answering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1271-1280. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458250)


- **A system for finding biological entities that satisfy certain conditions from texts.**
    > Wei Zhou, Clement T. Yu, Weiyi Meng. A system for finding biological entities that satisfy certain conditions from texts. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1281-1290. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458251)


- **Intra-document structural frequency features for semi-supervised domain adaptation.**
    > Andrew Arnold, William W. Cohen. Intra-document structural frequency features for semi-supervised domain adaptation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1291-1300. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458253)


- **Academic conference homepage understanding using constrained hierarchical conditional random fields.**
    > Xin Xin, Juanzi Li, Jie Tang, etc. Academic conference homepage understanding using constrained hierarchical conditional random fields. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1301-1310. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458254)


- **Identifying table boundaries in digital documents via sparse line detection.**
    > Ying Liu, Prasenjit Mitra, C. Lee Giles. Identifying table boundaries in digital documents via sparse line detection. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1311-1320. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458255)


- **Privacy-preserving data publishing for horizontally partitioned databases.**
    > Pawel Jurczyk, Li Xiong. Privacy-preserving data publishing for horizontally partitioned databases. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1321-1322. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458257)


- **CE2: towards a large scale hybrid search engine with integrated ranking support.**
    > Haofen Wang, Thanh Tran, Chang Liu. CE2: towards a large scale hybrid search engine with integrated ranking support. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1323-1324. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458258)


- **Scaling up duplicate detection in graph data.**
    > Melanie Herschel, Felix Naumann. Scaling up duplicate detection in graph data. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1325-1326. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458259)


- **ROAD: an efficient framework for location dependentspatial queries on road networks.**
    > Ken C. K. Lee, Wang-Chien Lee, Baihua Zheng. ROAD: an efficient framework for location dependentspatial queries on road networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1327-1328. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458260)


- **View and index selection for query-performance improvement: quality-centered algorithms and heuristics.**
    > Maxim Kormilitsin, Rada Chirkova, Yahya Fathi, etc. View and index selection for query-performance improvement: quality-centered algorithms and heuristics. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1329-1330. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458261)


- **SQL extension for exploring multiple tables.**
    > Sung Jin Kim, Junghoo John Cho. SQL extension for exploring multiple tables. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1331-1332. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458262)


- **PBFilter: indexing flash-resident data through partitioned summaries.**
    > Shaoyi Yin, Philippe Pucheral, Xiaofeng Meng. PBFilter: indexing flash-resident data through partitioned summaries. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1333-1334. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458263)


- **Transaction reordering with application to synchronized scans.**
    > Gang Luo, Jeffrey F. Naughton, Curt J. Ellmann, etc. Transaction reordering with application to synchronized scans. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1335-1336. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458265)


- **Yizkor books: a voice for the silent past.**
    > Jason J. Soo, Rebecca Cathey, Ophir Frieder, etc. Yizkor books: a voice for the silent past. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1337-1338. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458266)


- **An approximate string matching approach for handling incorrectly typed urls.**
    > Mihai Stroe, Radu Berinde, Cosmin Negruseri, etc. An approximate string matching approach for handling incorrectly typed urls. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1339-1340. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458268)


- **Speed up semantic search in p2p networks.**
    > Qiang Wang, Rui Li, Lei Chen, etc. Speed up semantic search in p2p networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1341-1342. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458269)


- **A note on search based forecasting of ad volume in contextual advertising.**
    > Xuerui Wang, Andrei Z. Broder, Marcus Fontoura, etc. A note on search based forecasting of ad volume in contextual advertising. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1343-1344. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458270)


- **An extension of PLSA for document clustering.**
    > Young-Min Kim, Jean-François Pessiot, Massih-Reza Amini, etc. An extension of PLSA for document clustering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1345-1346. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458271)


- **Online spam-blog detection through blog search.**
    > Linhong Zhu, Aixin Sun, Byron Choi. Online spam-blog detection through blog search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1347-1348. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458272)


- **Nested region algebra extended with variables for tag-annotated text search.**
    > Katsuya Masuda, Jun&apos;ichi Tsujii. Nested region algebra extended with variables for tag-annotated text search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1349-1350. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458273)


- **Searching the wikipedia with contextual information.**
    > Antti Ukkonen, Carlos Castillo, Debora Donato, etc. Searching the wikipedia with contextual information. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1351-1352. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458274)


- **Winnowing-based text clustering.**
    > Javier Parapar, Alvaro Barreiro. Winnowing-based text clustering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1353-1354. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458275)


- **Using sequence classification for filtering web pages.**
    > Binyamin Rosenfeld, Ronen Feldman, Lyle H. Ungar. Using sequence classification for filtering web pages. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1355-1356. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458276)


- **Passage relevance models for genomics search.**
    > Jay Urbain, Ophir Frieder, Nazli Goharian. Passage relevance models for genomics search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1357-1358. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458277)


- **Cross-document cross-lingual coreference retrieval.**
    > Elif Aktolga, Marc-Allen Cartright, James Allan. Cross-document cross-lingual coreference retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1359-1360. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458278)


- **Siphon++: a hidden-webcrawler for keyword-based interfaces.**
    > Karane Vieira, Luciano Barbosa, Juliana Freire, etc. Siphon++: a hidden-webcrawler for keyword-based interfaces. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1361-1362. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458279)


- **Investigating external corpus and clickthrough statistics for query expansion in the legal domain.**
    > Tonya Custis, Khalid Al-Kofahi. Investigating external corpus and clickthrough statistics for query expansion in the legal domain. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1363-1364. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458280)


- **Corpus microsurgery: criteria optimization for medical cross-language ir.**
    > Monica Rogati, Yiming Yang, Jaime G. Carbonell. Corpus microsurgery: criteria optimization for medical cross-language ir. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1365-1366. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458281)


- **Metadata extraction and indexing for map search in web documents.**
    > Qingzhao Tan, Prasenjit Mitra, C. Lee Giles. Metadata extraction and indexing for map search in web documents. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1367-1368. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458282)


- **An integration strategy for mining product features and opinions.**
    > Qingliang Miao, Qiudan Li, Ruwei Dai. An integration strategy for mining product features and opinions. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1369-1370. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458284)


- **Overlapping community structure detection in networks.**
    > Nan Du, Bai Wang, Bin Wu. Overlapping community structure detection in networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1371-1372. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458285)


- **Coreference resolution using expressive logic models.**
    > Ki Chan, Wai Lam, Xiaofeng Yu. Coreference resolution using expressive logic models. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1373-1374. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458286)


- **A method to predict social annotations.**
    > Ming-Hung Hsu, Hsin-Hsi Chen. A method to predict social annotations. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1375-1376. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458287)


- **Large maximal cliques enumeration in sparse graphs.**
    > Natwar Modani, Kuntal Dey. Large maximal cliques enumeration in sparse graphs. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1377-1378. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458288)


- **Summarization of social activity over time: people, actions and concepts in dynamic networks.**
    > Yu-Ru Lin, Hari Sundaram, Aisling Kelliher. Summarization of social activity over time: people, actions and concepts in dynamic networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1379-1380. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458289)


- **Using tag semantic network for keyphrase extraction in blogs.**
    > Lizhen Qu, Christof Müller, Iryna Gurevych. Using tag semantic network for keyphrase extraction in blogs. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1381-1382. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458290)


- **Handling implicit geographic evidence for geographic ir.**
    > Nuno Cardoso, Mário J. Silva, Diana Santos. Handling implicit geographic evidence for geographic ir. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1383-1384. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458291)


- **Estimating real-valued characteristics of criminals from their recorded crimes.**
    > Richard Bache, Fabio Crestani. Estimating real-valued characteristics of criminals from their recorded crimes. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1385-1386. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458292)


- **Representative entry selection for profiling blogs.**
    > Jinfeng Zhuang, Steven C. H. Hoi, Aixin Sun, etc. Representative entry selection for profiling blogs. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1387-1388. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458293)


- **Efficient web matrix processing based on dual reordering.**
    > Chih-Ming Hsu, Ming-Syan Chen. Efficient web matrix processing based on dual reordering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1389-1390. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458294)


- **Coreex: content extraction from online news articles.**
    > Jyotika Prasad, Andreas Paepcke. Coreex: content extraction from online news articles. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1391-1392. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458295)


- **A novel email abstraction scheme for spam detection.**
    > Chi-Yao Tseng, Pin-Chieh Sung, Ming-Syan Chen. A novel email abstraction scheme for spam detection. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1393-1394. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458296)


- **Tag-based filtering for personalized bookmark recommendations.**
    > Pavan Kumar Vatturi, Werner Geyer, Casey Dugan, etc. Tag-based filtering for personalized bookmark recommendations. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1395-1396. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458297)


- **Closing the loop in webpage understanding.**
    > Chunyu Yang, Yong Cao, Zaiqing Nie, etc. Closing the loop in webpage understanding. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1397-1398. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458298)


- **Efficient processing of probabilistic spatio-temporal range queries over moving objects.**
    > Bruce S. E. Chung, Wang-Chien Lee, Arbee L. P. Chen. Efficient processing of probabilistic spatio-temporal range queries over moving objects. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1399-1400. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458300)


- **Data degradation: making private data less sensitive over time.**
    > Nicolas Anciaux, Luc Bouganim, Harold van Heerde, etc. Data degradation: making private data less sensitive over time. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1401-1402. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458301)


- **A light weighted damage tracking quarantine and recovery scheme for mission-critical database systems.**
    > Kun Bai, Peng Liu. A light weighted damage tracking quarantine and recovery scheme for mission-critical database systems. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1403-1404. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458302)


- **Query optimization in xml-based information integration.**
    > Dongfeng Chen, Rada Chirkova, Maxim Kormilitsin, etc. Query optimization in xml-based information integration. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1405-1406. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458303)


- **Estimating the number of answers with guarantees for structured queries in p2p databases.**
    > Marcel Karnstedt, Kai-Uwe Sattler, Michael Haß, etc. Estimating the number of answers with guarantees for structured queries in p2p databases. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1407-1408. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458304)


- **Evaluating partial tree-pattern queries on XML streams.**
    > Xiaoying Wu, Dimitri Theodoratos. Evaluating partial tree-pattern queries on XML streams. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1409-1410. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458305)


- **Characterization of TPC-H queries for a column-oriented database on a dual-core amd athlon processor.**
    > Pranav Vaidya, Jaehwan John Lee. Characterization of TPC-H queries for a column-oriented database on a dual-core amd athlon processor. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1411-1412. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458306)


- **Natural language retrieval of grocery products.**
    > Petteri Nurmi, Eemil Lagerspetz, Wray L. Buntine, etc. Natural language retrieval of grocery products. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1413-1414. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458308)


- **Improve the effectiveness of the opinion retrieval and opinion polarity classification.**
    > Wei Zhang, Lifeng Jia, Clement T. Yu, etc. Improve the effectiveness of the opinion retrieval and opinion polarity classification. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1415-1416. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458309)


- **A latent variable model for query expansion using the hidden markov model.**
    > Qiang Huang, Dawei Song. A latent variable model for query expansion using the hidden markov model. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1417-1418. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458310)


- **A survey of pre-retrieval query performance predictors.**
    > Claudia Hauff, Djoerd Hiemstra, Franciska de Jong. A survey of pre-retrieval query performance predictors. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1419-1420. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458311)


- **Modeling document features for expert finding.**
    > Jianhan Zhu, Dawei Song, Stefan M. Rüger, etc. Modeling document features for expert finding. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1421-1422. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458312)


- **Mining named entity transliteration equivalents from comparable corpora.**
    > Raghavendra Udupa, K. Saravanan, A. Kumaran, etc. Mining named entity transliteration equivalents from comparable corpora. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1423-1424. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458313)


- **Estimating retrieval effectiveness using rank distributions.**
    > Vishwa Vinay, Natasa Milic-Frayling, Ingemar J. Cox. Estimating retrieval effectiveness using rank distributions. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1425-1426. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458314)


- **Semi-supervised ranking aggregation.**
    > Shouchun Chen, Fei Wang, Yangqiu Song, etc. Semi-supervised ranking aggregation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1427-1428. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458315)


- **Ranking in folksonomy systems: can context help?**
    > Fabian Abel, Nicola Henze, Daniel Krause. Ranking in folksonomy systems: can context help? in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1429-1430. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458316)


- **Evaluating topic models for information retrieval.**
    > Xing Yi, James Allan. Evaluating topic models for information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1431-1432. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458317)


- **A novel statistical chinese language model and its application in pinyin-to-character conversion.**
    > Bo Lin, Jun Zhang. A novel statistical chinese language model and its application in pinyin-to-character conversion. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1433-1434. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458318)


- **Integrating clustering and multi-document summarization to improve document understanding.**
    > Dingding Wang, Shenghuo Zhu, Tao Li, etc. Integrating clustering and multi-document summarization to improve document understanding. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1435-1436. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458319)


- **Answering general time sensitive queries.**
    > Wisam Dakka, Luis Gravano, Panagiotis G. Ipeirotis. Answering general time sensitive queries. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1437-1438. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458320)


- **Search-based query suggestion.**
    > Jiang-Ming Yang, Rui Cai, Feng Jing, etc. Search-based query suggestion. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1439-1440. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458321)


- **Entity-based query reformulation using wikipedia.**
    > Yang Xu, Fan Ding, Bin Wang. Entity-based query reformulation using wikipedia. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1441-1442. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458322)


- **Group-based learning: a boosting approach.**
    > Weijian Ni, Jun Xu, Hang Li, etc. Group-based learning: a boosting approach. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1443-1444. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458324)


- **Collaborative partitioning with maximum user satisfaction.**
    > Fred S. Annexstein, Svetlana Strunjas. Collaborative partitioning with maximum user satisfaction. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1445-1446. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458325)


- **Efficient frequent pattern mining over data streams.**
    > Syed Khairuzzaman Tanbeer, Chowdhury Farhan Ahmed, Byeong-Soo Jeong, etc. Efficient frequent pattern mining over data streams. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1447-1448. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458326)


- **GHOST: an effective graph-based framework for name distinction.**
    > Xiaoming Fan, Jianyong Wang, Bing Lv, etc. GHOST: an effective graph-based framework for name distinction. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1449-1450. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458327)


- **Deriving non-redundant approximate association rules from hierarchical datasets.**
    > Gavin Shaw, Yue Xu, Shlomo Geva. Deriving non-redundant approximate association rules from hierarchical datasets. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1451-1452. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458328)


- **Pattern-based semantic class discovery with multi-membership support.**
    > Shuming Shi, Xiaokang Liu, Ji-Rong Wen. Pattern-based semantic class discovery with multi-membership support. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1453-1454. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458329)


- **Detecting significant distinguishing sets among bi-clusters.**
    > Faris Alqadah, Raj Bhatnagar. Detecting significant distinguishing sets among bi-clusters. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1455-1456. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458330)


- **Semi-supervised metric learning by maximizing constraint margin.**
    > Fei Wang, Shouchun Chen, Changshui Zhang, etc. Semi-supervised metric learning by maximizing constraint margin. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1457-1458. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458331)


- **On quantifying changes in temporally evolving dataset.**
    > Rohan Choudhary, Sameep Mehta, Amitabha Bagchi. On quantifying changes in temporally evolving dataset. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1459-1460. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458332)


- **Fast spatial co-location mining without cliqueness checking.**
    > Zhongshan Lin, SeungJin Lim. Fast spatial co-location mining without cliqueness checking. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1461-1462. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458333)


- **Decomposition of terminology graphs for domain knowledge acquisition.**
    > Fidelia Ibekwe-Sanjuan, Eric SanJuan, Michael S. E. Vogeley. Decomposition of terminology graphs for domain knowledge acquisition. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1463-1464. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458334)


- **In the development of a spanish metamap.**
    > Francisco M. Carrero, José Carlos Cortizo, José María Gómez, etc. In the development of a spanish metamap. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1465-1466. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458335)


- **Scalable complex pattern search in sequential data.**
    > Leila Kaghazian, Dennis McLeod, Reza Sadri. Scalable complex pattern search in sequential data. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1467-1468. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458336)


- **Combining concept hierarchies and statistical topic models.**
    > Chaitanya Chemudugunta, Padhraic Smyth, Mark Steyvers. Combining concept hierarchies and statistical topic models. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1469-1470. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458337)


- **Energy-efficient skyline query processing and maintenance in sensor networks.**
    > Weifa Liang, Baichen Chen, Jeffrey Xu Yu. Energy-efficient skyline query processing and maintenance in sensor networks. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1471-1472. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458339)


- **Table summarization with the help of domain lattices.**
    > K. Selçuk Candan, Huiping Cao, Yan Qi, etc. Table summarization with the help of domain lattices. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1473-1474. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458340)


- **Protecting location privacy against location-dependent attack in mobile services.**
    > Xiao Pan, Jianliang Xu, Xiaofeng Meng. Protecting location privacy against location-dependent attack in mobile services. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1475-1476. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458341)


- **Polyhedral transformation for indexed rank order correlation queries.**
    > Philon Nguyen, Nematollaah Shiri. Polyhedral transformation for indexed rank order correlation queries. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1477-1478. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458342)


- **Workload-based optimization of integration processes.**
    > Matthias Böhm, Uwe Wloka, Dirk Habich, etc. Workload-based optimization of integration processes. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1479-1480. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458343)


- **Re-considering neighborhood-based collaborative filtering parameters in the context of new data.**
    > Adele E. Howe, Ryan D. Forbes. Re-considering neighborhood-based collaborative filtering parameters in the context of new data. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1481-1482. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458345)


- **A georeferencing multistage method for locating geographic context in web search.**
    > Álvaro Zubizarreta, Pablo de la Fuente, José Manuel Cantera, etc. A georeferencing multistage method for locating geographic context in web search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1485-1486. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458347)


- **Efficient estimation of the size of text deep web data source.**
    > Jianguo Lu. Efficient estimation of the size of text deep web data source. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1485-1486. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458346)


- **Suppressing outliers in pairwise preference ranking.**
    > Vitor R. Carvalho, Jonathan L. Elsas, William W. Cohen, etc. Suppressing outliers in pairwise preference ranking. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1487-1488. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458348)


- **Incorporating place name extents into geo-ir ranking.**
    > Hiroyuki Toda, Norihito Yasuda, Yumiko Matsuura, etc. Incorporating place name extents into geo-ir ranking. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1489-1490. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458349)


- **The effect of contextualization at different granularity levels in content-oriented xml retrieval.**
    > Paavo Arvola, Jaana Kekäläinen, Marko Junkkari. The effect of contextualization at different granularity levels in content-oriented xml retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1491-1492. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458350)


- **Using the current browsing context to improve search relevance.**
    > Mandar Rahurkar, Silviu Cucerzan. Using the current browsing context to improve search relevance. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1493-1494. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458351)


- **Using a graph-based ontological user profile for personalizing search.**
    > Mariam Daoud, Lynda Tamine-Lechani, Mohand Boughanem. Using a graph-based ontological user profile for personalizing search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1495-1496. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458352)


- **Measuring user preference changes in digital libraries.**
    > Yang Sun, Huajing Li, Isaac G. Councill, etc. Measuring user preference changes in digital libraries. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1497-1498. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458353)


- **Utilization of navigational queries for result presentation and caching in search engines.**
    > Rifat Ozcan, Ismail Sengör Altingövde, Özgür Ulusoy. Utilization of navigational queries for result presentation and caching in search engines. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1499-1500. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458354)


- **SHOPSMART: product recommendations through technical specifications and user reviews.**
    > Alexander Yates, James Joseph, Ana-Maria Popescu, etc. SHOPSMART: product recommendations through technical specifications and user reviews. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1501-1502. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458355)


- **Trust, authority and popularity in social information retrieval.**
    > Gabriella Kazai, Natasa Milic-Frayling. Trust, authority and popularity in social information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1503-1504. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458356)


- **A spam resistant family of concavo-convex ranks for link analysis.**
    > Sreangsu Acharyya, Joydeep Ghosh. A spam resistant family of concavo-convex ranks for link analysis. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1505-1506. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458357)


- **Boosting social annotations using propagation.**
    > Shenghua Bao, Bohai Yang, Ben Fei, etc. Boosting social annotations using propagation. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1507-1508. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458359)


- **Effective pattern taxonomy mining in text documents.**
    > Yuefeng Li, Sheng-Tang Wu, Xiaohui Tao. Effective pattern taxonomy mining in text documents. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1509-1510. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458360)


- **Incorporating topical support documents into a small training set in text categorization.**
    > Kyung Soon Lee. Incorporating topical support documents into a small training set in text categorization. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1511-1512. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458361)


- **Exploiting context to detect sensitive information in call center conversations.**
    > Tanveer A. Faruquie, Sumit Negi, Anup Chalamalla, etc. Exploiting context to detect sensitive information in call center conversations. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1513-1514. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458362)


- **Multi-scale characterization of social network dynamics in the blogosphere.**
    > Munmun De Choudhury, Hari Sundaram, Ajita John, etc. Multi-scale characterization of social network dynamics in the blogosphere. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1515-1516. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458363)


- **Semi-supervised text categorization by active search.**
    > Zenglin Xu, Rong Jin, Kaizhu Huang, etc. Semi-supervised text categorization by active search. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1517-1518. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458364)


- **Clustering multi-way data via adaptive subspace iteration.**
    > Wei Peng, Tao Li, Bo Shao. Clustering multi-way data via adaptive subspace iteration. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1519-1520. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458365)


- **A coarse-grain grid-based subspace clustering method for online multi-dimensional data streams.**
    > Jae Woo Lee, Won Suk Lee. A coarse-grain grid-based subspace clustering method for online multi-dimensional data streams. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1521-1522. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458366)


- **A matrix-based approach for semi-supervised document co-clustering.**
    > Yanhua Chen, Lijun Wang, Ming Dong. A matrix-based approach for semi-supervised document co-clustering. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1523-1524. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458367)


- **Categorizing blogger&apos;s interests based on short snippets of blog posts.**
    > Jiahui Liu, Larry Birnbaum, Bryan Pardo. Categorizing blogger&apos;s interests based on short snippets of blog posts. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1525-1526. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458368)


- **E-discovery.**
    > David A. Evans, Jason R. Baron, Chris Buckley, etc. E-discovery. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1527. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458167)


- **The social (open) workspace.**
    > David A. Evans, Susan Feldman, Ed H. Chi, etc. The social (open) workspace. in Proceedings of the 17th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2008, Napa Valley, California, USA, October 26-30, 2008(CIKM' 08). 1529. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1458082.1458214)
