
- **Pair-Wise entity resolution: overview and challenges.**
    > Hector Garcia-Molina. Pair-Wise entity resolution: overview and challenges. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183616)


- **How I learned to stop worrying and love the imminent internet singularity.**
    > Gary William Flake. How I learned to stop worrying and love the imminent internet singularity. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183617)


- **The real-time nature and value of homeland security information.**
    > Joseph Kielman. The real-time nature and value of homeland security information. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 3. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183618)


- **Efficient processing of complex similarity queries in RDBMS through query rewriting.**
    > Caetano Traina Jr., Agma J. M. Traina, Marcos R. Vieira, etc. Efficient processing of complex similarity queries in RDBMS through query rewriting. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 4-13. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183620)


- **Distributed spatio-temporal similarity search.**
    > Demetrios Zeinalipour-Yazti, Song Lin, Dimitrios Gunopulos. Distributed spatio-temporal similarity search. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 14-23. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183621)


- **Structure-based querying of proteins using wavelets.**
    > Keith Marsolo, Srinivasan Parthasarathy, Kotagiri Ramamohanarao. Structure-based querying of proteins using wavelets. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 24-33. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183622)


- **An approximate multi-word matching algorithm for robust document retrieval.**
    > Atsuhiro Takasu. An approximate multi-word matching algorithm for robust document retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 34-42. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183623)


- **Movie review mining and summarization.**
    > Li Zhuang, Feng Jing, Xiaoyan Zhu. Movie review mining and summarization. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 43-50. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183625)


- **Utility scoring of product reviews.**
    > Zhu Zhang, Balaji Varadarajan. Utility scoring of product reviews. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 51-57. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183626)


- **Mining blog stories using community-based and temporal clustering.**
    > Arun Qamra, Belle L. Tseng, Edward Y. Chang. Mining blog stories using community-based and temporal clustering. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 58-67. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183627)


- **Eigen-trend: trend analysis in the blogosphere based on singular value decompositions.**
    > Yun Chi, Belle L. Tseng, Jun&apos;ichi Tatemura. Eigen-trend: trend analysis in the blogosphere based on singular value decompositions. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 68-77. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183628)


- **On GMAP: and other transformations.**
    > Stephen Robertson. On GMAP: and other transformations. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 78-83. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183630)


- **Investigating the exhaustivity dimension in content-oriented XML element retrieval evaluation.**
    > Paul Ogilvie, Mounia Lalmas. Investigating the exhaustivity dimension in content-oriented XML element retrieval evaluation. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 84-93. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183631)


- **Evaluation by comparing result sets in context.**
    > Paul Thomas, David Hawking. Evaluation by comparing result sets in context. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 94-101. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183632)


- **Estimating average precision with incomplete and imperfect judgments.**
    > Emine Yilmaz, Javed A. Aslam. Estimating average precision with incomplete and imperfect judgments. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 102-111. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183633)


- **Window join approximation over data streams with importance semantics.**
    > Adegoke A. Ojewole, Qiang Zhu, Wen-Chi Hou. Window join approximation over data streams with importance semantics. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 112-121. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183635)


- **Adaptive non-linear clustering in data streams.**
    > Ankur Jain, Zhihua Zhang, Edward Y. Chang. Adaptive non-linear clustering in data streams. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 122-131. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183636)


- **Classification spanning correlated data streams.**
    > Yabo Xu, Ke Wang, Ada Wai-Chee Fu, etc. Classification spanning correlated data streams. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 132-141. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183637)


- **Validating associations in biological databases.**
    > Francisco M. Couto, Mário J. Silva, Pedro Coutinho. Validating associations in biological databases. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 142-151. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183639)


- **Finding highly correlated pairs efficiently with powerful pruning.**
    > Jian Zhang, Joan Feigenbaum. Finding highly correlated pairs efficiently with powerful pruning. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 152-161. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183640)


- **Mining compressed commodity workflows from massive RFID data sets.**
    > Hector Gonzalez, Jiawei Han, Xiaolei Li. Mining compressed commodity workflows from massive RFID data sets. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 162-171. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183641)


- **Discovering and exploiting keyword and attribute-value co-occurrences to improve P2P routing indices.**
    > Sebastian Michel, Matthias Bender, Nikos Ntarmos, etc. Discovering and exploiting keyword and attribute-value co-occurrences to improve P2P routing indices. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 172-181. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183643)


- **A document-centric approach to static index pruning in text retrieval systems.**
    > Stefan Büttcher, Charles L. A. Clarke. A document-centric approach to static index pruning in text retrieval systems. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 182-189. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183644)


- **Pruning strategies for mixed-mode querying.**
    > Vo Ngoc Anh, Alistair Moffat. Pruning strategies for mixed-mode querying. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 190-197. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183645)


- **3DString: a feature string kernel for 3D object classification on voxelized data.**
    > Johannes Aßfalg, Karsten M. Borgwardt, Hans-Peter Kriegel. 3DString: a feature string kernel for 3D object classification on voxelized data. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 198-207. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183647)


- **Effective and efficient classification on a search-engine model.**
    > Aris Anagnostopoulos, Andrei Z. Broder, Kunal Punera. Effective and efficient classification on a search-engine model. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 208-217. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183648)


- **Multi-evidence, multi-criteria, lazy associative document classification.**
    > Adriano Veloso, Wagner Meira Jr., Marco Cristo, etc. Multi-evidence, multi-criteria, lazy associative document classification. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 218-227. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183649)


- **Knowing a web page by the company it keeps.**
    > Xiaoguang Qi, Brian D. Davison. Knowing a web page by the company it keeps. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 228-237. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183650)


- **Improving novelty detection for general topics using sentence level information patterns.**
    > Xiaoyan Li, W. Bruce Croft. Improving novelty detection for general topics using sentence level information patterns. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 238-247. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183652)


- **Topic evolution and social interactions: how authors effect research.**
    > Ding Zhou, Xiang Ji, Hongyuan Zha, etc. Topic evolution and social interactions: how authors effect research. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 248-257. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183653)


- **A fast and robust method for web page template detection and removal.**
    > Karane Vieira, Altigran Soares da Silva, Nick Pinto, etc. A fast and robust method for web page template detection and removal. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 258-267. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183654)


- **Out-of-context noun phrase semantic interpretation with cross-linguistic evidence.**
    > Roxana Girju. Out-of-context noun phrase semantic interpretation with cross-linguistic evidence. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 268-276. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183655)


- **Capturing community search expertise for personalized web search using snippet-indexes.**
    > Oisín Boydell, Barry Smyth. Capturing community search expertise for personalized web search using snippet-indexes. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 277-286. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183657)


- **Summarizing local context to personalize global web search.**
    > Paul-Alexandru Chirita, Claudiu S. Firan, Wolfgang Nejdl. Summarizing local context to personalize global web search. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 287-296. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183658)


- **A study on the effects of personalization and task information on implicit feedback performance.**
    > Ryen W. White, Diane Kelly. A study on the effects of personalization and task information on implicit feedback performance. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 297-306. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183659)


- **Incorporating query difference for learning retrieval functions in world wide web search.**
    > Hongyuan Zha, Zhaohui Zheng, Haoying Fu, etc. Incorporating query difference for learning retrieval functions in world wide web search. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 307-316. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183660)


- **KDDCS: a load-balanced in-network data-centric storage scheme for sensor networks.**
    > Mohamed Aly, Kirk Pruhs, Panos K. Chrysanthis. KDDCS: a load-balanced in-network data-centric storage scheme for sensor networks. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 317-326. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183662)


- **Efficient range-constrained similarity search on wavelet synopses over multiple streams.**
    > Hao-Ping Hung, Ming-Syan Chen. Efficient range-constrained similarity search on wavelet synopses over multiple streams. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 327-336. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183663)


- **A data stream language and system designed for power and extensibility.**
    > Yijian Bai, Hetal Thakkar, Haixun Wang, etc. A data stream language and system designed for power and extensibility. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 337-346. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183664)


- **In search of meaning for time series subsequence clustering: matching algorithms based on a new distance measure.**
    > Dina Q. Goldin, Ricardo Mardales, George Nagy. In search of meaning for time series subsequence clustering: matching algorithms based on a new distance measure. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 347-356. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183666)


- **Incremental hierarchical clustering of text documents.**
    > Nachiketa Sahoo, Jamie Callan, Ramayya Krishnan, etc. Incremental hierarchical clustering of text documents. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 357-366. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183667)


- **Efficiently clustering transactional data with weighted coverage density.**
    > Hua Yan, Keke Chen, Ling Liu. Efficiently clustering transactional data with weighted coverage density. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 367-376. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183668)


- **Ranking web objects from multiple communities.**
    > Le Chen, Lei Zhang, Feng Jing, etc. Ranking web objects from multiple communities. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 377-386. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183670)


- **Voting for candidates: adapting data fusion techniques for an expert search task.**
    > Craig Macdonald, Iadh Ounis. Voting for candidates: adapting data fusion techniques for an expert search task. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 387-396. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183671)


- **Bayesian adaptive user profiling with explicit &amp; implicit feedback.**
    > Philip Zigoris, Yi Zhang. Bayesian adaptive user profiling with explicit &amp; implicit feedback. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 397-404. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183672)


- **SaLSa: computing the skyline without scanning the whole sky.**
    > Ilaria Bartolini, Paolo Ciaccia, Marco Patella. SaLSa: computing the skyline without scanning the whole sky. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 405-414. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183674)


- **Constrained subspace skyline computation.**
    > Evangelos Dellis, Akrivi Vlachou, Ilya Vladimirskiy, etc. Constrained subspace skyline computation. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 415-424. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183675)


- **Processing relaxed skylines in PDMS using distributed data summaries.**
    > Katja Hose, Christian Lemke, Kai-Uwe Sattler. Processing relaxed skylines in PDMS using distributed data summaries. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 425-434. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183676)


- **On the structural properties of massive telecom call graphs: findings and implications.**
    > Amit Anil Nanavati, Siva Gurumurthy, Gautam Das, etc. On the structural properties of massive telecom call graphs: findings and implications. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 435-444. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183678)


- **Heuristic containment check of partial tree-pattern queries in the presence of index graphs.**
    > Dimitri Theodoratos, Stefanos Souldatos, Theodore Dalamagas, etc. Heuristic containment check of partial tree-pattern queries in the presence of index graphs. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 445-454. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183679)


- **TRIPS and TIDES: new algorithms for tree mining.**
    > Shirish Tatikonda, Srinivasan Parthasarathy, Tahsin M. Kurç. TRIPS and TIDES: new algorithms for tree mining. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 455-464. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183680)


- **Automatic computation of semantic proximity using taxonomic knowledge.**
    > Cai-Nicolas Ziegler, Kai Simon, Georg Lausen. Automatic computation of semantic proximity using taxonomic knowledge. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 465-474. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183682)


- **Exploiting asymmetry in hierarchical topic extraction.**
    > Sreenivas Gollapudi, Rina Panigrahy. Exploiting asymmetry in hierarchical topic extraction. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 475-482. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183683)


- **CP/CV: concept similarity mining without frequency information from domain describing taxonomies.**
    > Jong Wook Kim, K. Selçuk Candan. CP/CV: concept similarity mining without frequency information from domain describing taxonomies. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 483-492. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183684)


- **Secure search in enterprise webs: tradeoffs in efficient implementation for document level security.**
    > Peter Bailey, David Hawking, Brett Matson. Secure search in enterprise webs: tradeoffs in efficient implementation for document level security. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 493-502. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183686)


- **Vector and matrix operations programmed with UDFs in a relational DBMS.**
    > Carlos Ordonez, Javier García-García. Vector and matrix operations programmed with UDFs in a relational DBMS. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 503-512. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183687)


- **POLESTAR: collaborative knowledge management and sensemaking tools for intelligence analysts.**
    > Nicholas J. Pioch, John O. Everett. POLESTAR: collaborative knowledge management and sensemaking tools for intelligence analysts. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 513-521. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183688)


- **Task-based process know-how reuse and proactive information delivery in TaskNavigator.**
    > Harald Holz, Oleg Rostanin, Andreas Dengel, etc. Task-based process know-how reuse and proactive information delivery in TaskNavigator. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 522-531. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183689)


- **Efficient model selection for regularized linear discriminant analysis.**
    > Jieping Ye, Tao Xiong, Qi Li, etc. Efficient model selection for regularized linear discriminant analysis. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 532-539. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183691)


- **Concept-based document readability in domain specific information retrieval.**
    > Xin Yan, Dawei Song, Xue Li. Concept-based document readability in domain specific information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 540-549. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183692)


- **A probabilistic relevance propagation model for hypertext retrieval.**
    > Azadeh Shakery, ChengXiang Zhai. A probabilistic relevance propagation model for hypertext retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 550-558. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183693)


- **Term context models for information retrieval.**
    > Jeremy Pickens, Andrew MacFarlane. Term context models for information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 559-566. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183694)


- **Ranking robustness: a novel framework to predict query performance.**
    > Yun Zhou, W. Bruce Croft. Ranking robustness: a novel framework to predict query performance. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 567-574. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183696)


- **Query result ranking over e-commerce web databases.**
    > Weifeng Su, Jiying Wang, Qiong Huang, etc. Query result ranking over e-commerce web databases. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 575-584. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183697)


- **Optimisation methods for ranking functions with multiple parameters.**
    > Michael J. Taylor, Hugo Zaragoza, Nick Craswell, etc. Optimisation methods for ranking functions with multiple parameters. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 585-593. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183698)


- **Estimating corpus size via queries.**
    > Andrei Z. Broder, Marcus Fontoura, Vanja Josifovski, etc. Estimating corpus size via queries. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 594-603. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183699)


- **Concept frequency distribution in biomedical text summarization.**
    > Lawrence H. Reeve, Hyoil Han, Saya V. Nagori, etc. Concept frequency distribution in biomedical text summarization. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 604-611. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183701)


- **Describing differences between databases.**
    > Heiko Müller, Johann Christoph Freytag, Ulf Leser. Describing differences between databases. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 612-621. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183702)


- **A system for query-specific document summarization.**
    > Ramakrishna Varadarajan, Vagelis Hristidis. A system for query-specific document summarization. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 622-631. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183703)


- **Annotation propagation revisited for key preserving views.**
    > Gao Cong, Wenfei Fan, Floris Geerts. Annotation propagation revisited for key preserving views. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 632-641. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183705)


- **Query optimization using restructured views.**
    > Rada Chirkova, Fereidoon Sadri. Query optimization using restructured views. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 642-651. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183706)


- **Improving query I/O performance by permuting and refining block request sequences.**
    > Xiaoyu Wang, Mitch Cherniack. Improving query I/O performance by permuting and refining block request sequences. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 652-661. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183707)


- **Performance thresholding in practical text classification.**
    > Hinrich Schütze, Emre Velipasaoglu, Jan O. Pedersen. Performance thresholding in practical text classification. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 662-671. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183709)


- **Text classification improved through multigram models.**
    > Dou Shen, Jian-Tao Sun, Qiang Yang, etc. Text classification improved through multigram models. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 672-681. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183710)


- **Coupling feature selection and machine learning methods for navigational query identification.**
    > Yumao Lu, Fuchun Peng, Xin Li, etc. Coupling feature selection and machine learning methods for navigational query identification. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 682-689. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183711)


- **Document re-ranking using cluster validation and label propagation.**
    > Lingpeng Yang, Dong-Hong Ji, Guodong Zhou, etc. Document re-ranking using cluster validation and label propagation. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 690-697. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183713)


- **Tracking dragon-hunters with language models.**
    > Anton Leuski, Victor Lavrenko. Tracking dragon-hunters with language models. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 698-707. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183714)


- **Designing semantics-preserving cluster representatives for scientific input conditions.**
    > Aparna S. Varde, Elke A. Rundensteiner, Carolina Ruiz, etc. Designing semantics-preserving cluster representatives for scientific input conditions. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 708-717. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183715)


- **Cache-oblivious nested-loop joins.**
    > Bingsheng He, Qiong Luo. Cache-oblivious nested-loop joins. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 718-727. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183717)


- **A combination of trie-trees and inverted files for the indexing of set-valued attributes.**
    > Manolis Terrovitis, Spyros Passas, Panos Vassiliadis, etc. A combination of trie-trees and inverted files for the indexing of set-valued attributes. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 728-737. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183718)


- **Efficient join processing over uncertain data.**
    > Reynold Cheng, Sarvjeet Singh, Sunil Prabhakar, etc. Efficient join processing over uncertain data. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 738-747. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183719)


- **An integer programming approach for frequent itemset hiding.**
    > Aris Gkoulalas-Divanis, Vassilios S. Verykios. An integer programming approach for frequent itemset hiding. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 748-757. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183721)


- **Privacy preserving sequential pattern mining in distributed databases.**
    > Vishal Kapoor, Pascal Poncelet, François Trousset, etc. Privacy preserving sequential pattern mining in distributed databases. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 758-767. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183722)


- **A dictionary for approximate string search and longest prefix search.**
    > Sreenivas Gollapudi, Rina Panigrahy. A dictionary for approximate string search and longest prefix search. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 768-775. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183723)


- **A comparative study on classifying the functions of web page blocks.**
    > Xiangye Xiao, Qiong Luo, Xing Xie, etc. A comparative study on classifying the functions of web page blocks. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 776-777. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183725)


- **A neighborhood-based approach for clustering of linked document collections.**
    > Ralitsa Angelova, Stefan Siersdorfer. A neighborhood-based approach for clustering of linked document collections. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 778-779. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183726)


- **A structure-oriented relevance feedback method for XML retrieval.**
    > Lobna Hlaoua, Karen Sauvagnat, Mohand Boughanem. A structure-oriented relevance feedback method for XML retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 780-781. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183727)


- **Adapting association patterns for text categorization: weaknesses and enhancements.**
    > Tieyun Qian, Hui Xiong, Yuanzhen Wang, etc. Adapting association patterns for text categorization: weaknesses and enhancements. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 782-783. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183728)


- **Amnesic online synopses for moving objects.**
    > Michalis Potamias, Kostas Patroumpas, Timos K. Sellis. Amnesic online synopses for moving objects. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 784-785. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183729)


- **An efficient one-phase holistic twig join algorithm for XML data.**
    > Zhewei Jiang, Cheng Luo, Wen-Chi Hou. An efficient one-phase holistic twig join algorithm for XML data. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 786-787. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183730)


- **Approximate reverse k-nearest neighbor queries in general metric spaces.**
    > Elke Achtert, Christian Böhm, Peer Kröger, etc. Approximate reverse k-nearest neighbor queries in general metric spaces. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 788-789. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183731)


- **Best-k queries on database systems.**
    > Tao Tao, ChengXiang Zhai. Best-k queries on database systems. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 790-791. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183732)


- **Boosting relevance model performance with query term dependence.**
    > Koji Eguchi, W. Bruce Croft. Boosting relevance model performance with query term dependence. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 792-793. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183733)


- **Collaborative filtering in dynamic usage environments.**
    > Olfa Nasraoui, Jeff Cerwinske, Carlos Rojas, etc. Collaborative filtering in dynamic usage environments. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 794-795. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183734)


- **Automatically constructing collections of online database directories.**
    > Luciano Barbosa, Juliana Freire. Automatically constructing collections of online database directories. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 796-797. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183735)


- **Combining feature selectors for text classification.**
    > J. Scott Olsson, Douglas W. Oard. Combining feature selectors for text classification. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 798-799. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183736)


- **Constructing better document and query models with markov chains.**
    > Guihong Cao, Jian-Yun Nie, Jing Bai. Constructing better document and query models with markov chains. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 800-801. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183737)


- **Continuous keyword search on multiple text streams.**
    > Vagelis Hristidis, Oscar Valdivia, Michail Vlachos, etc. Continuous keyword search on multiple text streams. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 802-803. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183738)


- **On subspace clustering with density consciousness.**
    > Yi-Hong Chu, Jen-Wei Huang, Kun-Ta Chuang, etc. On subspace clustering with density consciousness. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 804-805. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183739)


- **Direct comparison of commercial and academic retrieval system: an initial study.**
    > Yefei Peng, Daqing He. Direct comparison of commercial and academic retrieval system: an initial study. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 806-807. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183740)


- **Effective and efficient similarity search in time series.**
    > Sergio Greco, Massimiliano Ruffolo, Andrea Tagarelli. Effective and efficient similarity search in time series. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 808-809. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183741)


- **Efficient mining of max frequent patterns in a generalized environment.**
    > Daniel Kunkle, Donghui Zhang, Gene Cooperman. Efficient mining of max frequent patterns in a generalized environment. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 810-811. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183742)


- **Estimation, sensitivity, and generalization in parameterized retrieval models.**
    > Donald Metzler. Estimation, sensitivity, and generalization in parameterized retrieval models. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 812-813. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183743)


- **Filtering or adapting: two strategies to exploit noisy parallel corpora for cross-language information retrieval.**
    > Lixin Shi, Jian-Yun Nie. Filtering or adapting: two strategies to exploit noisy parallel corpora for cross-language information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 814-815. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183744)


- **HUX: a schemacentric approach for updating XML views.**
    > Ling Wang, Elke A. Rundensteiner, Murali Mani, etc. HUX: a schemacentric approach for updating XML views. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 816-817. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183745)


- **Improving query translation with confidence estimation for cross language information retrieval.**
    > Youssef Kadri, Jian-Yun Nie. Improving query translation with confidence estimation for cross language information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 818-819. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183746)


- **Information retrieval from relational databases using semantic queries.**
    > Anand Ranganathan, Zhen Liu. Information retrieval from relational databases using semantic queries. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 820-821. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183747)


- **Integrated RFID data modeling: an approach for querying physical objects in pervasive computing.**
    > Shaorong Liu, Fusheng Wang, Peiya Liu. Integrated RFID data modeling: an approach for querying physical objects in pervasive computing. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 822-823. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183748)


- **Integration of cluster ensemble and EM based text mining for microarray gene cluster identification and annotation.**
    > Xiaohua Hu, Xiaodan Zhang, Xiaohua Zhou. Integration of cluster ensemble and EM based text mining for microarray gene cluster identification and annotation. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 824-825. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183749)


- **Introduction to a new Farsi stemmer.**
    > Alireza Mokhtaripour, Saber Jahanpour. Introduction to a new Farsi stemmer. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 826-827. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183750)


- **IR principles for content-based indexing and retrieval of functional brain images.**
    > Bing Bai, Paul B. Kantor, Nicu D. Cornea, etc. IR principles for content-based indexing and retrieval of functional brain images. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 828-829. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183751)


- **Matching directories and OWL ontologies with AROMA.**
    > Jérôme David, Fabrice Guillet, Henri Briand. Matching directories and OWL ontologies with AROMA. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 830-831. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183752)


- **Matching and evaluation of disjunctive predicates for data stream sharing.**
    > Richard Kuntschke, Alfons Kemper. Matching and evaluation of disjunctive predicates for data stream sharing. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 832-833. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183753)


- **Maximizing the sustained throughput of distributed continuous queries.**
    > Ioana Stanoi, George A. Mihaila, Themis Palpanas, etc. Maximizing the sustained throughput of distributed continuous queries. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 834-835. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183754)


- **Measuring the meaning in time series clustering of text search queries.**
    > Bing Liu, Rosie Jones, Kristina Lisa Klinkner. Measuring the meaning in time series clustering of text search queries. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 836-837. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183755)


- **Mining coherent patterns from heterogeneous microarray data.**
    > Xiang Zhang, Wei Wang. Mining coherent patterns from heterogeneous microarray data. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 838-839. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183756)


- **k nearest neighbor classification across multiple private databases.**
    > Li Xiong, Subramanyam Chitti, Ling Liu. k nearest neighbor classification across multiple private databases. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 840-841. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183757)


- **Modeling performance-driven workload characterization of web search systems.**
    > Claudine Santos Badue, Ricardo A. Baeza-Yates, Berthier A. Ribeiro-Neto, etc. Modeling performance-driven workload characterization of web search systems. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 842-843. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183758)


- **Multi-query optimization of sliding window aggregates by schedule synchronization.**
    > Lukasz Golab, Kumar Gaurav Bijay, M. Tamer Özsu. Multi-query optimization of sliding window aggregates by schedule synchronization. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 844-845. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183759)


- **Multi-task text segmentation and alignment based on weighted mutual information.**
    > Bingjun Sun, Ding Zhou, Hongyuan Zha, etc. Multi-task text segmentation and alignment based on weighted mutual information. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 846-847. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183760)


- **PEPX: a query-friendly probabilistic XML database.**
    > Te Li, Qihong Shao, Yi Chen. PEPX: a query-friendly probabilistic XML database. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 848-849. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183761)


- **On progressive sequential pattern mining.**
    > Jen-Wei Huang, Chi-Yao Tseng, Jian Chih Ou, etc. On progressive sequential pattern mining. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 850-851. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183762)


- **Practical private data matching deterrent to spoofing attacks.**
    > Yanjiang Yang, Robert H. Deng, Feng Bao. Practical private data matching deterrent to spoofing attacks. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 852-853. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183763)


- **Probabilistic document-context based relevance feedback with limited relevance judgments.**
    > Ho Chung Wu, Robert Wing Pong Luk, Kam-Fai Wong, etc. Probabilistic document-context based relevance feedback with limited relevance judgments. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 854-855. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183764)


- **Processing information intent via weak labeling.**
    > Anthony Tomasic, Isaac Simmons, John Zimmerman. Processing information intent via weak labeling. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 856-857. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183765)


- **Pseudo-anchor text extraction for searching vertical objects.**
    > Shuming Shi, Fei Xing, Mingjie Zhu, etc. Pseudo-anchor text extraction for searching vertical objects. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 858-859. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183766)


- **Re-ranking search results using query logs.**
    > Ziming Zhuang, Silviu Cucerzan. Re-ranking search results using query logs. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 860-861. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183767)


- **Query taxonomy generation for web search.**
    > Pu-Jen Cheng, Ching-Hsiang Tsai, Chen-Ming Hung, etc. Query taxonomy generation for web search. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 862-863. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183768)


- **Rank synopses for efficient time travel on the web graph.**
    > Klaus Berberich, Srikanta J. Bedathur, Gerhard Weikum. Rank synopses for efficient time travel on the web graph. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 864-865. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183769)


- **Ranking in context using vector spaces.**
    > Massimo Melucci. Ranking in context using vector spaces. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 866-867. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183770)


- **Representing documents with named entities for story link detection (SLD).**
    > Chirag Shah, W. Bruce Croft, David D. Jensen. Representing documents with named entities for story link detection (SLD). in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 868-869. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183771)


- **Resource-aware kernel density estimators over streaming data.**
    > Christoph Heinz, Bernhard Seeger. Resource-aware kernel density estimators over streaming data. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 870-871. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183772)


- **Retrieval evaluation with incomplete relevance data: a comparative study of three measures.**
    > Per Ahlgren, Leif Grönqvist. Retrieval evaluation with incomplete relevance data: a comparative study of three measures. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 872-873. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183773)


- **Robust periodicity detection algorithms.**
    > Srinivasan Parthasarathy, Sameep Mehta, S. Srinivasan. Robust periodicity detection algorithms. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 874-875. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183774)


- **Search result summarization and disambiguation via contextual dimensions.**
    > Krishna Prasad Chitrapura, Sachindra Joshi, Raghu Krishnapuram. Search result summarization and disambiguation via contextual dimensions. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 876-877. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183775)


- **Semi-automatic annotation and MPEG-7 authoring of dance videos.**
    > Balakrishnan Ramadoss, Rajkumar Kannan. Semi-automatic annotation and MPEG-7 authoring of dance videos. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 878-879. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183776)


- **The query-vector document model.**
    > Diego Puppin, Fabrizio Silvestri. The query-vector document model. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 880-881. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183777)


- **The visual funding navigator: analysis of the NSF funding information.**
    > Shixia Liu, Nan Cao, Hao Lv, etc. The visual funding navigator: analysis of the NSF funding information. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 882-883. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183778)


- **Towards interactive indexing for large Chinese calligraphic character databases.**
    > Yi Zhuang, Yueting Zhuang, Qing Li, etc. Towards interactive indexing for large Chinese calligraphic character databases. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 884-885. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183779)


- **Query-specific clustering of search results based on document-context similarity scores.**
    > Edward K. F. Dang, Robert W. P. Luk, Dik Lun Lee, etc. Query-specific clustering of search results based on document-context similarity scores. in Proceedings of the 2006 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Arlington, Virginia, USA, November 6-11, 2006(CIKM' 06). 886-887. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1183614.1183780)
