
- **Alexa and Her Shopping Journey.**
    > Yoelle Maarek. Alexa and Her Shopping Journey. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272923)


- **Shifting Information Interactions.**
    > Maarten de Rijke. Shifting Information Interactions. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 3. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269207)


- **Teaching Artificial Agents to Understand Language by Modelling Reward.**
    > Edward Grefenstette. Teaching Artificial Agents to Understand Language by Modelling Reward. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 5-6. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272922)


- **Multi-Source Pointer Network for Product Title Summarization.**
    > Fei Sun, Peng Jiang, Hanxiao Sun, etc. Multi-Source Pointer Network for Product Title Summarization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 7-16. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271722)


- **Exploring a High-quality Outlying Feature Value Set for Noise-Resilient Outlier Detection in Categorical Data.**
    > Hongzuo Xu, Yongjun Wang, Li Cheng, etc. Exploring a High-quality Outlying Feature Value Set for Noise-Resilient Outlier Detection in Categorical Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 17-26. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271721)


- **Neural Relational Topic Models for Scientific Article Analysis.**
    > Haoli Bai, Zhuangbin Chen, Michael R. Lyu, etc. Neural Relational Topic Models for Scientific Article Analysis. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 27-36. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271696)


- **Mathematics Content Understanding for Cyberlearning via Formula Evolution Map.**
    > Zhuoren Jiang, Liangcai Gao, Ke Yuan, etc. Mathematics Content Understanding for Cyberlearning via Formula Evolution Map. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 37-46. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271694)


- **The Range Skyline Query.**
    > Theodoros Tzouramanis, Eleftherios Tiakas, Apostolos N. Papadopoulos, etc. The Range Skyline Query. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 47-56. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271693)


- **FA + TA &lt;FSA: Flexible Score Aggregation.**
    > Paolo Ciaccia, Davide Martinenghi. FA + TA &lt;FSA: Flexible Score Aggregation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 57-66. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271753)


- **FALCON: A Fast Drop-In Replacement of Citation KNN for Multiple Instance Learning.**
    > Shuai Yang, Xipeng Shen. FALCON: A Fast Drop-In Replacement of Citation KNN for Multiple Instance Learning. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 67-76. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271787)


- **Secure Top-k Inner Product Retrieval.**
    > Zhilin Zhang, Ke Wang, Chen Lin, etc. Secure Top-k Inner Product Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 77-86. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271791)


- **A Quest for Structure: Jointly Learning the Graph Structure and Semi-Supervised Classification.**
    > Xuan Wu, Lingxiao Zhao, Leman Akoglu. A Quest for Structure: Jointly Learning the Graph Structure and Semi-Supervised Classification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 87-96. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271692)


- **TGNet: Learning to Rank Nodes in Temporal Graphs.**
    > Qi Song, Bo Zong, Yinghui Wu, etc. TGNet: Learning to Rank Nodes in Temporal Graphs. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 97-106. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271698)


- **Mining (maximal) Span-cores from Temporal Networks.**
    > Edoardo Galimberti, Alain Barrat, Francesco Bonchi, etc. Mining (maximal) Span-cores from Temporal Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 107-116. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271767)


- **REGAL: Representation Learning-based Graph Alignment.**
    > Mark Heimann, Haoming Shen, Tara Safavi, etc. REGAL: Representation Learning-based Graph Alignment. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 117-126. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271788)


- **Attention-based Adaptive Model to Unify Warm and Cold Starts Recommendation.**
    > Shaoyun Shi, Min Zhang, Yiqun Liu, etc. Attention-based Adaptive Model to Unify Warm and Cold Starts Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 127-136. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271710)


- **CFGAN: A Generic Collaborative Filtering Framework based on Generative Adversarial Networks.**
    > Dong-Kyu Chae, Jin-Soo Kang, Sang-Wook Kim, etc. CFGAN: A Generic Collaborative Filtering Framework based on Generative Adversarial Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 137-146. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271743)


- **ANR: Aspect-based Neural Recommender.**
    > Jin Yao Chin, Kaiqi Zhao, Shafiq R. Joty, etc. ANR: Aspect-based Neural Recommender. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 147-156. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271810)


- **An Attentive Interaction Network for Context-aware Recommendations.**
    > Lei Mei, Pengjie Ren, Zhumin Chen, etc. An Attentive Interaction Network for Context-aware Recommendations. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 157-166. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271813)


- **Contrasting Search as a Learning Activity with Instructor-designed Learning.**
    > Felipe Moraes, Sindunuraga Rikarno Putra, Claudia Hauff. Contrasting Search as a Learning Activity with Instructor-designed Learning. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 167-176. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271676)


- **Towards Conversational Search and Recommendation: System Ask, User Respond.**
    > Yongfeng Zhang, Xu Chen, Qingyao Ai, etc. Towards Conversational Search and Recommendation: System Ask, User Respond. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 177-186. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271776)


- **Effective User Interaction for High-Recall Retrieval: Less is More.**
    > Haotian Zhang, Mustafa Abualsaud, Nimesh Ghelani, etc. Effective User Interaction for High-Recall Retrieval: Less is More. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 187-196. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271796)


- **RIN: Reformulation Inference Network for Context-Aware Query Suggestion.**
    > Jyun-Yu Jiang, Wei Wang. RIN: Reformulation Inference Network for Context-Aware Query Suggestion. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 197-206. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271808)


- **Improving the Efficiency of Inclusion Dependency Detection.**
    > Nuhad Shaabani, Christoph Meinel. Improving the Efficiency of Inclusion Dependency Detection. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 207-216. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271724)


- **Web Table Understanding by Collective Inference.**
    > San Kim, Guoliang Li, Jianhua Feng, etc. Web Table Understanding by Collective Inference. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 217-226. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271729)


- **A Content-Based Approach for Modeling Analytics Operators.**
    > Ioannis Giannakopoulos, Dimitrios Tsoumakos, Nectarios Koziris. A Content-Based Approach for Modeling Analytics Operators. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 227-236. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271731)


- **Coarse-to-Fine Annotation Enrichment for Semantic Segmentation Learning.**
    > Yadan Luo, Ziwei Wang, Zi Huang, etc. Coarse-to-Fine Annotation Enrichment for Semantic Segmentation Learning. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 237-246. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271672)


- **Shared Embedding Based Neural Networks for Knowledge Graph Completion.**
    > Saiping Guan, Xiaolong Jin, Yuanzhuo Wang, etc. Shared Embedding Based Neural Networks for Knowledge Graph Completion. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 247-256. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271704)


- **Knowledge Graph Completion by Context-Aware Convolutional Learning with Multi-Hop Neighborhoods.**
    > Byungkook Oh, Seungmin Seo, Kyong-Ho Lee. Knowledge Graph Completion by Context-Aware Convolutional Learning with Multi-Hop Neighborhoods. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 257-266. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271769)


- **Smooth q-Gram, and Its Applications to Detection of Overlaps among Long, Error-Prone Sequencing Reads.**
    > Haoyu Zhang, Qin Zhang, Haixu Tang. Smooth q-Gram, and Its Applications to Detection of Overlaps among Long, Error-Prone Sequencing Reads. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 267-276. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271688)


- **Multi-View Group Anomaly Detection.**
    > Hongtao Wang, Pan Su, Miao Zhao, etc. Multi-View Group Anomaly Detection. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 277-286. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271770)


- **Detecting Outliers in Data with Correlated Measures.**
    > Yu-Hsuan Kuo, Zhenhui Li, Daniel Kifer. Detecting Outliers in Data with Correlated Measures. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 287-296. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271798)


- **Insights from the Long-Tail: Learning Latent Representations of Online User Behavior in the Presence of Skew and Sparsity.**
    > Adit Krishnan, Ashish Sharma, Hari Sundaram. Insights from the Long-Tail: Learning Latent Representations of Online User Behavior in the Presence of Skew and Sparsity. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 297-306. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271706)


- **Inductive Framework for Multi-Aspect Streaming Tensor Completion with Side Information.**
    > Madhav Nimishakavi, Bamdev Mishra, Manish Gupta, etc. Inductive Framework for Multi-Aspect Streaming Tensor Completion with Side Information. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 307-316. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271713)


- **Online Learning for Non-Stationary A/B Tests.**
    > Andrés Muñoz Medina, Sergei Vassilvitskii, Dong Yin. Online Learning for Non-Stationary A/B Tests. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 317-326. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271718)


- **MEgo2Vec: Embedding Matched Ego Networks for User Alignment Across Social Networks.**
    > Jing Zhang, Bo Chen, Xianming Wang, etc. MEgo2Vec: Embedding Matched Ego Networks for User Alignment Across Social Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 327-336. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271705)


- **Learning User Preferences and Understanding Calendar Contexts for Event Scheduling.**
    > Donghyeon Kim, Jinhyuk Lee, Donghee Choi, etc. Learning User Preferences and Understanding Calendar Contexts for Event Scheduling. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 337-346. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271712)


- **Personalizing Search Results Using Hierarchical RNN with Query-aware Attention.**
    > Songwei Ge, Zhicheng Dou, Zhengbao Jiang, etc. Personalizing Search Results Using Hierarchical RNN with Query-aware Attention. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 347-356. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271728)


- **Adaptive Implicit Friends Identification over Heterogeneous Network for Social Recommendation.**
    > Junliang Yu, Min Gao, Jundong Li, etc. Adaptive Implicit Friends Identification over Heterogeneous Network for Social Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 357-366. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271725)


- **Nowcasting the Stance of Social Media Users in a Sudden Vote: The Case of the Greek Referendum.**
    > Adam Tsakalidis, Nikolaos Aletras, Alexandra I. Cristea, etc. Nowcasting the Stance of Social Media Users in a Sudden Vote: The Case of the Greek Referendum. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 367-376. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271783)


- **Inferring Probabilistic Contagion Models Over Networks Using Active Queries.**
    > Abhijin Adiga, Vanessa Cedeno-Mieles, Chris J. Kuhlman, etc. Inferring Probabilistic Contagion Models Over Networks Using Active Queries. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 377-386. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271790)


- **Trustworthy Experimentation Under Telemetry Loss.**
    > Jayant Gupchup, Yasaman Hosseinkashi, Pavel A. Dmitriev, etc. Trustworthy Experimentation Under Telemetry Loss. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 387-396. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271747)


- **When Rank Order Isn&apos;t Enough: New Statistical-Significance-Aware Correlation Measures.**
    > Mücahid Kutlu, Tamer Elsayed, Maram Hasanain, etc. When Rank Order Isn&apos;t Enough: New Statistical-Significance-Aware Correlation Measures. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 397-406. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271751)


- **On Building Fair and Reusable Test Collections using Bandit Techniques.**
    > Ellen M. Voorhees. On Building Fair and Reusable Test Collections using Bandit Techniques. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 407-416. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271766)


- **RippleNet: Propagating User Preferences on the Knowledge Graph for Recommender Systems.**
    > Hongwei Wang, Fuzheng Zhang, Jialin Wang, etc. RippleNet: Propagating User Preferences on the Knowledge Graph for Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 417-426. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271739)


- **Exploiting Structural and Temporal Evolution in Dynamic Link Prediction.**
    > Huiyuan Chen, Jing Li. Exploiting Structural and Temporal Evolution in Dynamic Link Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 427-436. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271740)


- **Are Meta-Paths Necessary?: Revisiting Heterogeneous Graph Embeddings.**
    > Rana Hussein, Dingqi Yang, Philippe Cudré-Mauroux. Are Meta-Paths Necessary?: Revisiting Heterogeneous Graph Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 437-446. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271777)


- **Distribution Distance Minimization for Unsupervised User Identity Linkage.**
    > Chaozhuo Li, Senzhang Wang, Philip S. Yu, etc. Distribution Distance Minimization for Unsupervised User Identity Linkage. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 447-456. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271675)


- **Short Text Entity Linking with Fine-grained Topics.**
    > Lihan Chen, Jiaqing Liang, Chenhao Xie, etc. Short Text Entity Linking with Fine-grained Topics. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 457-466. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271809)


- **StuffIE: Semantic Tagging of Unlabeled Facets Using Fine-Grained Information Extraction.**
    > Radityo Eko Prasojo, Mouna Kacimi, Werner Nutt. StuffIE: Semantic Tagging of Unlabeled Facets Using Fine-Grained Information Extraction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 467-476. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271812)


- **PSLSH: An Index Structure for Efficient Execution of Set Queries in High-Dimensional Spaces.**
    > Parth Nagarkar, K. Selçuk Candan. PSLSH: An Index Structure for Efficient Execution of Set Queries in High-Dimensional Spaces. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 477-486. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271691)


- **GYANI: An Indexing Infrastructure for Knowledge-Centric Tasks.**
    > Dhruv Gupta, Klaus Berberich. GYANI: An Indexing Infrastructure for Knowledge-Centric Tasks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 487-496. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271745)


- **From Neural Re-Ranking to Neural Ranking: Learning a Sparse Representation for Inverted Indexing.**
    > Hamed Zamani, Mostafa Dehghani, W. Bruce Croft, etc. From Neural Re-Ranking to Neural Ranking: Learning a Sparse Representation for Inverted Indexing. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 497-506. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271800)


- **ChangeDAR: Online Localized Change Detection for Sensor Data on a Graph.**
    > Bryan Hooi, Leman Akoglu, Dhivya Eswaran, etc. ChangeDAR: Online Localized Change Detection for Sensor Data on a Graph. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 507-516. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271669)


- **Adversarial Training Model Unifying Feature Driven and Point Process Perspectives for Event Popularity Prediction.**
    > Qitian Wu, Chaoqi Yang, Hengrui Zhang, etc. Adversarial Training Model Unifying Feature Driven and Point Process Perspectives for Event Popularity Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 517-526. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271714)


- **Learning under Feature Drifts in Textual Streams.**
    > Damianos P. Melidis, Myra Spiliopoulou, Eirini Ntoutsi. Learning under Feature Drifts in Textual Streams. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 527-536. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271717)


- **CRPP: Competing Recurrent Point Process for Modeling Visibility Dynamics in Information Diffusion.**
    > Avirup Saha, Bidisha Samanta, Niloy Ganguly, etc. CRPP: Competing Recurrent Point Process for Modeling Visibility Dynamics in Information Diffusion. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 537-546. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271726)


- **Finding a Dense Subgraph with Sparse Cut.**
    > Atsushi Miyauchi, Naonori Kakimura. Finding a Dense Subgraph with Sparse Cut. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 547-556. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271720)


- **Signed Network Modeling Based on Structural Balance Theory.**
    > Tyler Derr, Charu C. Aggarwal, Jiliang Tang. Signed Network Modeling Based on Structural Balance Theory. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 557-566. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271746)


- **On Rich Clubs of Path-Based Centralities in Networks.**
    > Soumya Sarkar, Sanjukta Bhowmick, Animesh Mukherjee. On Rich Clubs of Path-Based Centralities in Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 567-576. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271763)


- **VTeller: Telling the Values Somewhere, Sometime in a Dynamic Network of Urban Systems.**
    > Yan Li, Tingjian Ge, Cindy X. Chen. VTeller: Telling the Values Somewhere, Sometime in a Dynamic Network of Urban Systems. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 577-586. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271778)


- **Open-Schema Event Profiling for Massive News Corpora.**
    > Quan Yuan, Xiang Ren, Wenqi He, etc. Open-Schema Event Profiling for Massive News Corpora. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 587-596. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271674)


- **Newsfeed Filtering and Dissemination for Behavioral Therapy on Social Network Addictions.**
    > Hong-Han Shuai, Yen-Chieh Lien, De-Nian Yang, etc. Newsfeed Filtering and Dissemination for Behavioral Therapy on Social Network Addictions. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 597-606. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271689)


- **Hierarchical Modeling and Shrinkage for User Session LengthPrediction in Media Streaming.**
    > Antoine Dedieu, Rahul Mazumder, Zhen Zhu, etc. Hierarchical Modeling and Shrinkage for User Session LengthPrediction in Media Streaming. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 607-616. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271700)


- **Question Headline Generation for News Articles.**
    > Ruqing Zhang, Jiafeng Guo, Yixing Fan, etc. Question Headline Generation for News Articles. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 617-626. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271711)


- **Relevance Estimation with Multiple Information Sources on Search Engine Result Pages.**
    > Junqi Zhang, Yiqun Liu, Shaoping Ma, etc. Relevance Estimation with Multiple Information Sources on Search Engine Result Pages. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 627-636. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271673)


- **JIM: Joint Influence Modeling for Collective Search Behavior.**
    > Shubhra Kanti Karmaker Santu, Liangda Li, Yi Chang, etc. JIM: Joint Influence Modeling for Collective Search Behavior. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 637-646. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271681)


- **Retrieve-and-Read: Multi-task Learning of Information Retrieval and Reading Comprehension.**
    > Kyosuke Nishida, Itsumi Saito, Atsushi Otsuka, etc. Retrieve-and-Read: Multi-task Learning of Information Retrieval and Reading Comprehension. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 647-656. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271702)


- **Bug Localization by Learning to Rank and Represent Bug Inducing Changes.**
    > Pablo Loyola, Kugamoorthy Gajananan, Fumiko Satoh. Bug Localization by Learning to Rank and Represent Bug Inducing Changes. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 657-665. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271811)


- **CoNet: Collaborative Cross Networks for Cross-Domain Recommendation.**
    > Guangneng Hu, Yu Zhang, Qiang Yang. CoNet: Collaborative Cross Networks for Cross-Domain Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 667-676. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271684)


- **PARL: Let Strangers Speak Out What You Like.**
    > Libing Wu, Cong Quan, Chenliang Li, etc. PARL: Let Strangers Speak Out What You Like. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 677-686. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271695)


- **Regularizing Matrix Factorization with User and Item Embeddings for Recommendation.**
    > Thanh Tran, Kyumin Lee, Yiming Liao, etc. Regularizing Matrix Factorization with User and Item Embeddings for Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 687-696. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271730)


- **Point-of-Interest Recommendation: Exploiting Self-Attentive Autoencoders with Neighbor-Aware Influence.**
    > Chen Ma, Yingxue Zhang, Qinglong Wang, etc. Point-of-Interest Recommendation: Exploiting Self-Attentive Autoencoders with Neighbor-Aware Influence. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 697-706. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271733)


- **Meta-Analysis for Retrieval Experiments Involving Multiple Test Collections.**
    > Ian Soboroff. Meta-Analysis for Retrieval Experiments Involving Multiple Test Collections. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 713-722. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271719)


- **Presentation Ordering Effects On Assessor Agreement.**
    > Tadele Tedla Damessie, J. Shane Culpepper, Jaewon Kim, etc. Presentation Ordering Effects On Assessor Agreement. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 723-732. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271750)


- **Understanding Reading Attention Distribution during Relevance Judgement.**
    > Xiangsheng Li, Yiqun Liu, Jiaxin Mao, etc. Understanding Reading Attention Distribution during Relevance Judgement. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 733-742. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271764)


- **KAME: Knowledge-based Attention Model for Diagnosis Prediction in Healthcare.**
    > Fenglong Ma, Quanzeng You, Houping Xiao, etc. KAME: Knowledge-based Attention Model for Diagnosis Prediction in Healthcare. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 743-752. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271701)


- **&quot;Let Me Tell You About Your Mental Health!&quot;: Contextualized Classification of Reddit Posts to DSM-5 for Web-based Intervention.**
    > Manas Gaur, Ugur Kursuncu, Amanuel Alambo, etc. &quot;Let Me Tell You About Your Mental Health!&quot;: Contextualized Classification of Reddit Posts to DSM-5 for Web-based Intervention. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 753-762. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271732)


- **HeteroMed: Heterogeneous Information Network for Medical Diagnosis.**
    > Anahita Hosseini, Ting Chen, Wenjun Wu, etc. HeteroMed: Heterogeneous Information Network for Medical Diagnosis. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 763-772. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271805)


- **&quot;Bridge&quot;: Enhanced Signed Directed Network Embedding.**
    > Yiqi Chen, Tieyun Qian, Huan Liu, etc. &quot;Bridge&quot;: Enhanced Signed Directed Network Embedding. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 773-782. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271738)


- **Semi-Supervised Multi-Label Feature Selection by Preserving Feature-Label Space Consistency.**
    > Yuanyuan Xu, Jun Wang, Shuai An, etc. Semi-Supervised Multi-Label Feature Selection by Preserving Feature-Label Space Consistency. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 783-792. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271760)


- **COPA: Constrained PARAFAC2 for Sparse &amp; Large Datasets.**
    > Ardavan Afshar, Ioakeim Perros, Evangelos E. Papalexakis, etc. COPA: Constrained PARAFAC2 for Sparse &amp; Large Datasets. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 793-802. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271775)


- **The Impact of Name-Matching and Blocking on Author Disambiguation.**
    > Tobias Backes. The Impact of Name-Matching and Blocking on Author Disambiguation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 803-812. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271699)


- **Parallel Hashing Using Representative Points in Hyperoctants.**
    > Chaomin Shen, Mixue Yu, Chenxiao Zhao, etc. Parallel Hashing Using Representative Points in Hyperoctants. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 813-822. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271780)


- **PRRE: Personalized Relation Ranking Embedding for Attributed Networks.**
    > Sheng Zhou, Hongxia Yang, Xin Wang, etc. PRRE: Personalized Relation Ranking Embedding for Attributed Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 823-832. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271741)


- **Heterogeneous Neural Attentive Factorization Machine for Rating Prediction.**
    > Liang Chen, Yang Liu, Zibin Zheng, etc. Heterogeneous Neural Attentive Factorization Machine for Rating Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 833-842. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271759)


- **Recurrent Neural Networks with Top-k Gains for Session-based Recommendations.**
    > Balázs Hidasi, Alexandros Karatzoglou. Recurrent Neural Networks with Top-k Gains for Session-based Recommendations. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 843-852. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271761)


- **Interactions Modeling in Multi-Task Multi-View Learning with Consistent Task Diversity.**
    > Xiaoli Li, Jun Huan. Interactions Modeling in Multi-Task Multi-View Learning with Consistent Task Diversity. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 853-861. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271670)


- **Distinguishing Trajectories from Different Drivers using Incompletely Labeled Trajectories.**
    > Tung Kieu, Bin Yang, Chenjuan Guo, etc. Distinguishing Trajectories from Different Drivers using Incompletely Labeled Trajectories. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 863-872. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271762)


- **Modeling Sequential Online Interactive Behaviors with Temporal Point Process.**
    > Renqin Cai, Xueying Bai, Zhenrui Wang, etc. Modeling Sequential Online Interactive Behaviors with Temporal Point Process. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 873-882. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271782)


- **Towards Practical Open Knowledge Base Canonicalization.**
    > Tien-Hsuan Wu, Zhiyong Wu, Ben Kao, etc. Towards Practical Open Knowledge Base Canonicalization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 883-892. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271707)


- **Semantically-Enhanced Topic Modeling.**
    > Felipe Viegas, Washington Luiz, Christian Gomes, etc. Semantically-Enhanced Topic Modeling. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 893-902. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271797)


- **METIC: Multi-Instance Entity Typing from Corpus.**
    > Bo Xu, Zheng Luo, Luyang Huang, etc. METIC: Multi-Instance Entity Typing from Corpus. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 903-912. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271804)


- **Semi-supervised Learning on Graphs with Generative Adversarial Nets.**
    > Ming Ding, Jie Tang, Jie Zhang. Semi-supervised Learning on Graphs with Generative Adversarial Nets. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 913-922. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271768)


- **Mining Frequent Patterns in Evolving Graphs.**
    > Çigdem Aslay, Muhammad Anis Uddin Nasir, Gianmarco De Francisci Morales, etc. Mining Frequent Patterns in Evolving Graphs. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 923-932. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271772)


- **Multiresolution Graph Attention Networks for Relevance Matching.**
    > Ting Zhang, Bang Liu, Di Niu, etc. Multiresolution Graph Attention Networks for Relevance Matching. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 933-942. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271806)


- **Rumor Detection with Hierarchical Social Attention Network.**
    > Han Guo, Juan Cao, Yazi Zhang, etc. Rumor Detection with Hierarchical Social Attention Network. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 943-951. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271709)


- **Modeling Users&apos; Exposure with Social Knowledge Influence and Consumption Influence for Recommendation.**
    > Jiawei Chen, Yan Feng, Martin Ester, etc. Modeling Users&apos; Exposure with Social Knowledge Influence and Consumption Influence for Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 953-962. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271742)


- **Exploring People&apos;s Attitudes and Behaviors Toward Careful Information Seeking in Web Search.**
    > Takehiro Yamamoto, Yusuke Yamamoto, Sumio Fujita. Exploring People&apos;s Attitudes and Behaviors Toward Careful Information Seeking in Web Search. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 963-972. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271799)


- **Dataless Text Classification: A Topic Modeling Approach with Document Manifold.**
    > Ximing Li, Changchun Li, Jinjin Chi, etc. Dataless Text Classification: A Topic Modeling Approach with Document Manifold. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 973-982. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271671)


- **Weakly-Supervised Neural Text Classification.**
    > Yu Meng, Jiaming Shen, Chao Zhang, etc. Weakly-Supervised Neural Text Classification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 983-992. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271737)


- **Creating Scoring Rubric from Representative Student Answers for Improved Short Answer Grading.**
    > Smit Marvaniya, Swarnadeep Saha, Tejas I. Dhamecha, etc. Creating Scoring Rubric from Representative Student Answers for Improved Short Answer Grading. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 993-1002. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271755)


- **Probabilistic Causal Analysis of Social Influence.**
    > Francesco Bonchi, Francesco Gullo, Bud Mishra, etc. Probabilistic Causal Analysis of Social Influence. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1003-1012. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271756)


- **Adversarial Learning of Answer-Related Representation for Visual Question Answering.**
    > Yun Liu, Xiaoming Zhang, Feiran Huang, etc. Adversarial Learning of Answer-Related Representation for Visual Question Answering. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1013-1022. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271765)


- **Stochastic Coupon Probing in Social Networks.**
    > Shaojie Tang. Stochastic Coupon Probing in Social Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1023-1031. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271771)


- **Type Prediction Combining Linked Open Data and Social Media.**
    > Yaroslav Nechaev, Francesco Corcoglioniti, Claudio Giuliano. Type Prediction Combining Linked Open Data and Social Media. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1033-1042. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271781)


- **Efficient and Reliable Estimation of Cell Positions.**
    > Mirela T. Cazzolato, Agma J. M. Traina, Klemens Böhm. Efficient and Reliable Estimation of Cell Positions. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1043-1052. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271734)


- **On Real-time Detecting Passenger Flow Anomalies.**
    > Bo Tang, Hongyin Tang, Xinzhou Dong, etc. On Real-time Detecting Passenger Flow Anomalies. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1053-1062. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271754)


- **A Novel Online Stacked Ensemble for Multi-Label Stream Classification.**
    > Alican Büyükçakir, Hamed R. Bonab, Fazli Can. A Novel Online Stacked Ensemble for Multi-Label Stream Classification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1063-1072. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271774)


- **RESTFul: Resolution-Aware Forecasting of Behavioral Time Series Data.**
    > Xian Wu, Baoxu Shi, Yuxiao Dong, etc. RESTFul: Resolution-Aware Forecasting of Behavioral Time Series Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1073-1082. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271794)


- **Zoom-SVD: Fast and Memory Efficient Method for Extracting Key Patterns in an Arbitrary Time Range.**
    > Jun-Gi Jang, Dongjin Choi, Jinhong Jung, etc. Zoom-SVD: Fast and Memory Efficient Method for Extracting Key Patterns in an Arbitrary Time Range. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1083-1092. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271682)


- **Disk-based Matrix Completion for Memory Limited Devices.**
    > Dongha Lee, Jinoh Oh, Christos Faloutsos, etc. Disk-based Matrix Completion for Memory Limited Devices. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1093-1102. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271685)


- **Naive Parallelization of Coordinate Descent Methods and an Application on Multi-core L1-regularized Classification.**
    > Yong Zhuang, Yu-Chin Juan, Guo-Xun Yuan, etc. Naive Parallelization of Coordinate Descent Methods and an Application on Multi-core L1-regularized Classification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1103-1112. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271687)


- **CUSNTF: A Scalable Sparse Non-negative Tensor Factorization Model for Large-scale Industrial Applications on Multi-GPU.**
    > Hao Li, Kenli Li, Ji-yao An, etc. CUSNTF: A Scalable Sparse Non-negative Tensor Factorization Model for Large-scale Industrial Applications on Multi-GPU. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1113-1122. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271749)


- **DiVE: Diversifying View Recommendation for Visual Data Exploration.**
    > Rischan Mafrur, Mohamed A. Sharaf, Hina A. Khan. DiVE: Diversifying View Recommendation for Visual Data Exploration. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1123-1132. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271744)


- **Representing and Recommending Shopping Baskets with Complementarity, Compatibility and Loyalty.**
    > Mengting Wan, Di Wang, Jie Liu, etc. Representing and Recommending Shopping Baskets with Complementarity, Compatibility and Loyalty. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1133-1142. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271786)


- **Recommendation Through Mixtures of Heterogeneous Item Relationships.**
    > Wang-Cheng Kang, Mengting Wan, Julian J. McAuley. Recommendation Through Mixtures of Heterogeneous Item Relationships. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1143-1152. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271792)


- **Fairness-Aware Tensor-Based Recommendation.**
    > Ziwei Zhu, Xia Hu, James Caverlee. Fairness-Aware Tensor-Based Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1153-1162. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271795)


- **Generating Keyword Queries for Natural Language Queries to Alleviate Lexical Chasm Problem.**
    > Xiaoyu Liu, Shunda Pan, Qi Zhang, etc. Generating Keyword Queries for Natural Language Queries to Alleviate Lexical Chasm Problem. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1163-1172. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271727)


- **Attentive Neural Architecture for Ad-hoc Structured Document Retrieval.**
    > Saeid Balaneshinkordan, Alexander Kotov, Fedor Nikolaev. Attentive Neural Architecture for Ad-hoc Structured Document Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1173-1182. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271801)


- **Measuring User Satisfaction on Smart Speaker Intelligent Assistants Using Intent Sensitive Query Embeddings.**
    > Seyyed Hadi Hashemi, Kyle Williams, Ahmed El Kholy, etc. Measuring User Satisfaction on Smart Speaker Intelligent Assistants Using Intent Sensitive Query Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1183-1192. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271802)


- **Impact of Domain and User&apos;s Learning Phase on Task and Session Identification in Smart Speaker Intelligent Assistants.**
    > Seyyed Hadi Hashemi, Kyle Williams, Ahmed El Kholy, etc. Impact of Domain and User&apos;s Learning Phase on Task and Session Identification in Smart Speaker Intelligent Assistants. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1193-1202. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271803)


- **Engineering a Simplified 0-Bit Consistent Weighted Sampling.**
    > Edward Raff, Jared Sylvester, Charles Nicholas. Engineering a Simplified 0-Bit Consistent Weighted Sampling. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1203-1212. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271690)


- **A Scalable Algorithm for Higher-order Features Generation using MinHash.**
    > Pooja A, Naveen Nair, Rajeev Rastogi. A Scalable Algorithm for Higher-order Features Generation using MinHash. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1213-1222. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271752)


- **Multiperspective Graph-Theoretic Similarity Measure.**
    > Dung D. Le, Hady W. Lauw. Multiperspective Graph-Theoretic Similarity Measure. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1223-1232. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271758)


- **Explicit Preference Elicitation for Task Completion Time.**
    > Mohammadreza Esfandiari, Senjuti Basu Roy, Sihem Amer-Yahia. Explicit Preference Elicitation for Task Completion Time. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1233-1242. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271667)


- **Network-wide Crowd Flow Prediction of Sydney Trains via Customized Online Non-negative Matrix Factorization.**
    > Yongshun Gong, Zhibin Li, Jian Zhang, etc. Network-wide Crowd Flow Prediction of Sydney Trains via Customized Online Non-negative Matrix Factorization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1243-1252. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271757)


- **Studying Topical Relevance with Evidence-based Crowdsourcing.**
    > Oana Inel, Giannis Haralabopoulos, Dan Li, etc. Studying Topical Relevance with Evidence-based Crowdsourcing. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1253-1262. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271779)


- **Randomized Bit Vector: Privacy-Preserving Encoding Mechanism.**
    > Lin Sun, Lan Zhang, Xiaojun Ye. Randomized Bit Vector: Privacy-Preserving Encoding Mechanism. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1263-1272. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271703)


- **Privacy Protection for Flexible Parametric Survival Models.**
    > Thông T. Nguyên, Siu Cheung Hui. Privacy Protection for Flexible Parametric Survival Models. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1273-1282. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271716)


- **Privacy-Preserving Triangle Counting in Large Graphs.**
    > Xiaofeng Ding, Xiaodong Zhang, Zhifeng Bao, etc. Privacy-Preserving Triangle Counting in Large Graphs. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1283-1292. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271736)


- **Differentiable Unbiased Online Learning to Rank.**
    > Harrie Oosterhuis, Maarten de Rijke. Differentiable Unbiased Online Learning to Rank. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1293-1302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271686)


- **A Quantum Many-body Wave Function Inspired Language Modeling Approach.**
    > Peng Zhang, Zhan Su, Lipeng Zhang, etc. A Quantum Many-body Wave Function Inspired Language Modeling Approach. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1303-1312. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271723)


- **The LambdaLoss Framework for Ranking Metric Optimization.**
    > Xuanhui Wang, Cheng Li, Nadav Golbandi, etc. The LambdaLoss Framework for Ranking Metric Optimization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1313-1322. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271784)


- **PolyHJ: A Polymorphic Main-Memory Hash Join Paradigm for Multi-Core Machines.**
    > Omar Khattab, Mohammad Hammoud, Omar Shekfeh. PolyHJ: A Polymorphic Main-Memory Hash Join Paradigm for Multi-Core Machines. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1323-1332. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271680)


- **When Optimizer Chooses Table Scans: How to Make Them More Responsive.**
    > Lijian Wan, Tingjian Ge. When Optimizer Chooses Table Scans: How to Make Them More Responsive. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1333-1342. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271773)


- **Construction of Efficient V-Gram Dictionary for Sequential Data Analysis.**
    > Igor Kuralenok, Natalia Starikova, Aleksandr Khvorov, etc. Construction of Efficient V-Gram Dictionary for Sequential Data Analysis. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1343-1352. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271789)


- **Neural Collaborative Ranking.**
    > Bo Song, Xin Yang, Yi Cao, etc. Neural Collaborative Ranking. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1353-1362. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271715)


- **Collaborative Multi-objective Ranking.**
    > Jun Hu, Ping Li. Collaborative Multi-objective Ranking. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1363-1372. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271785)


- **Mix &apos;n Match: Integrating Text Matching and Product Substitutability within Product Search.**
    > Christophe Van Gysel, Maarten de Rijke, Evangelos Kanoulas. Mix &apos;n Match: Integrating Text Matching and Product Substitutability within Product Search. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1373-1382. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271668)


- **In Situ and Context-Aware Target Apps Selection for Unified Mobile Search.**
    > Mohammad Aliannejadi, Hamed Zamani, Fabio Crestani, etc. In Situ and Context-Aware Target Apps Selection for Unified Mobile Search. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1383-1392. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271679)


- **Deep Autoencoder-like Nonnegative Matrix Factorization for Community Detection.**
    > Fanghua Ye, Chuan Chen, Zibin Zheng. Deep Autoencoder-like Nonnegative Matrix Factorization for Community Detection. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1393-1402. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271697)


- **Explicit State Tracking with Semi-Supervisionfor Neural Dialogue Generation.**
    > Xisen Jin, Wenqiang Lei, Zhaochun Ren, etc. Explicit State Tracking with Semi-Supervisionfor Neural Dialogue Generation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1403-1412. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271683)


- **On Prediction of User Destination by Sub-Trajectory Understanding: A Deep Learning based Approach.**
    > Jing Zhao, Jiajie Xu, Rui Zhou, etc. On Prediction of User Destination by Sub-Trajectory Understanding: A Deep Learning based Approach. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1413-1422. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271708)


- **DeepCrime: Attentive Hierarchical Recurrent Networks for Crime Prediction.**
    > Chao Huang, Junbo Zhang, Yu Zheng, etc. DeepCrime: Attentive Hierarchical Recurrent Networks for Crime Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1423-1432. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271793)


- **Learning Multi-touch Conversion Attribution with Dual-attention Mechanisms for Online Advertising.**
    > Kan Ren, Yuchen Fang, Weinan Zhang, etc. Learning Multi-touch Conversion Attribution with Dual-attention Mechanisms for Online Advertising. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1433-1442. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271677)


- **Budget Constrained Bidding by Model-free Reinforcement Learning in Display Advertising.**
    > Di Wu, Xiujun Chen, Xun Yang, etc. Budget Constrained Bidding by Model-free Reinforcement Learning in Display Advertising. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1443-1451. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271748)


- **Deep Semantic Hashing with Multi-Adversarial Training.**
    > Bingning Wang, Kang Liu, Jun Zhao. Deep Semantic Hashing with Multi-Adversarial Training. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1453-1462. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271735)


- **Communication-Efficient Distributed Deep Metric Learning with Hybrid Synchronization.**
    > Yuxin Su, Michael R. Lyu, Irwin King. Communication-Efficient Distributed Deep Metric Learning with Hybrid Synchronization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1463-1472. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3271807)


- **A Dynamical System on Bipartite Graphs.**
    > Kishore Papineni, Pratik Worah. A Dynamical System on Bipartite Graphs. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1479-1482. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269271)


- **Abnormal Event Detection via Heterogeneous Information Network Embedding.**
    > Shaohua Fan, Chuan Shi, Xiao Wang. Abnormal Event Detection via Heterogeneous Information Network Embedding. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1483-1486. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269281)


- **AceKG: A Large-scale Knowledge Graph for Academic Data Mining.**
    > Ruijie Wang, Yuchen Yan, Jialu Wang, etc. AceKG: A Large-scale Knowledge Graph for Academic Data Mining. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1487-1490. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269252)


- **An Adversarial Approach to Improve Long-Tail Performance in Neural Collaborative Filtering.**
    > Adit Krishnan, Ashish Sharma, Aravind Sankar, etc. An Adversarial Approach to Improve Long-Tail Performance in Neural Collaborative Filtering. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1491-1494. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269264)


- **AQuPR: Attention based Query Passage Retrieval.**
    > Parth Pathak, Mithun Das Gupta, Niranjan Nayak, etc. AQuPR: Attention based Query Passage Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1495-1498. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269323)


- **Attentive Encoder-based Extractive Text Summarization.**
    > Chong Feng, Fei Cai, Honghui Chen, etc. Attentive Encoder-based Extractive Text Summarization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1499-1502. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269251)


- **Calibration: A Simple Way to Improve Click Models.**
    > Alexey Borisov, Julia Kiseleva, Ilya Markov, etc. Calibration: A Simple Way to Improve Click Models. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1503-1506. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269260)


- **Can User Behaviour Sequences Reflect Perceived Novelty?**
    > Mengdie Zhuang, Elaine G. Toms, Gianluca Demartini. Can User Behaviour Sequences Reflect Perceived Novelty? in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1507-1510. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269243)


- **Causal Dependencies for Future Interest Prediction on Twitter.**
    > Negar Arabzadeh, Hossein Fani, Fattane Zarrinkalam, etc. Causal Dependencies for Future Interest Prediction on Twitter. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1511-1514. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269312)


- **Challenges of Multileaved Comparison in Practice: Lessons from NTCIR-13 OpenLiveQ Task.**
    > Makoto P. Kato, Tomohiro Manabe, Sumio Fujita, etc. Challenges of Multileaved Comparison in Practice: Lessons from NTCIR-13 OpenLiveQ Task. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1515-1518. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269318)


- **Compiling Questions into Balanced Quizzes about Documents.**
    > Cristina Menghini, Jessica Dehler-Zufferey, Robert West. Compiling Questions into Balanced Quizzes about Documents. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1519-1522. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269298)


- **Continuation Methods and Curriculum Learning for Learning to Rank.**
    > Nicola Ferro, Claudio Lucchese, Maria Maistro, etc. Continuation Methods and Curriculum Learning for Learning to Rank. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1523-1526. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269239)


- **Correlated Time Series Forecasting using Multi-Task Deep Neural Networks.**
    > Razvan-Gabriel Cirstea, Darius-Valer Micu, Gabriel-Marcel Muresan, etc. Correlated Time Series Forecasting using Multi-Task Deep Neural Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1527-1530. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269310)


- **Cross-domain Aspect/Sentiment-aware Abstractive Review Summarization.**
    > Min Yang, Qiang Qu, Jia Zhu, etc. Cross-domain Aspect/Sentiment-aware Abstractive Review Summarization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1531-1534. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269273)


- **Data Structure for Efficient Line of Sight Queries.**
    > Swapnil Gaikwad, Melody Moh, David C. Anastasiu. Data Structure for Efficient Line of Sight Queries. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1535-1538. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269238)


- **Detecting Parkinson&apos;s Disease from Interactions with a Search Engine: Is Expert Knowledge Sufficient?**
    > Liron I. Allerhand, Brit Youngmann, Elad Yom-Tov, etc. Detecting Parkinson&apos;s Disease from Interactions with a Search Engine: Is Expert Knowledge Sufficient? in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1539-1542. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269250)


- **DualBoost: Handling Missing Values with Feature Weights and Weak Classifiers that Abstain.**
    > Weihong Wang, Jie Xu, Yang Wang, etc. DualBoost: Handling Missing Values with Feature Weights and Weak Classifiers that Abstain. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1543-1546. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269319)


- **An Effective Approach for Modelling Time Features for Classifying Bursty Topics on Twitter.**
    > Anjie Fang, Iadh Ounis, Craig MacDonald, etc. An Effective Approach for Modelling Time Features for Classifying Bursty Topics on Twitter. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1547-1550. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269253)


- **Efficient and Effective Query Expansion for Web Search.**
    > Claudio Lucchese, Franco Maria Nardini, Raffaele Perego, etc. Efficient and Effective Query Expansion for Web Search. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1551-1554. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269305)


- **Efficient Energy Management in Distributed Web Search.**
    > Matteo Catena, Ophir Frieder, Nicola Tonellotto. Efficient Energy Management in Distributed Web Search. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1555-1558. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269263)


- **Efficient Pipeline Processing of Crowdsourcing Workflows.**
    > Ken Mizusawa, Keishi Tajima, Masaki Matsubara, etc. Efficient Pipeline Processing of Crowdsourcing Workflows. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1559-1562. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269292)


- **Efficient Taxonomic Similarity Joins with Adaptive Overlap Constraint.**
    > Pengfei Xu, Jiaheng Lu. Efficient Taxonomic Similarity Joins with Adaptive Overlap Constraint. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1563-1566. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269236)


- **Embedding Fuzzy K-Means with Nonnegative Spectral Clustering via Incorporating Side Information.**
    > Muhan Guo, Rui Zhang, Feiping Nie, etc. Embedding Fuzzy K-Means with Nonnegative Spectral Clustering via Incorporating Side Information. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1567-1570. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269237)


- **Empirical Evidence for Search Effectiveness Models.**
    > Alfan Farizki Wicaksono, Alistair Moffat. Empirical Evidence for Search Effectiveness Models. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1571-1574. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269242)


- **An Encoder-Memory-Decoder Framework for Sub-Event Detection in Social Media.**
    > Guandan Chen, Nan Xu, Wenji Mao. An Encoder-Memory-Decoder Framework for Sub-Event Detection in Social Media. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1575-1578. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269256)


- **Enhanced Network Embeddings via Exploiting Edge Labels.**
    > Haochen Chen, Xiaofei Sun, Yingtao Tian, etc. Enhanced Network Embeddings via Exploiting Edge Labels. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1579-1582. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269270)


- **Enhancing Graph Kernels via Successive Embeddings.**
    > Giannis Nikolentzos, Michalis Vazirgiannis. Enhancing Graph Kernels via Successive Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1583-1586. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269289)


- **Estimating Clickthrough Bias in the Cascade Model.**
    > Praveen Chandar, Ben Carterette. Estimating Clickthrough Bias in the Cascade Model. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1587-1590. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269315)


- **Exploring Neural Translation Models for Cross-Lingual Text Similarity.**
    > Kazuhiro Seki. Exploring Neural Translation Models for Cross-Lingual Text Similarity. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1591-1594. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269262)


- **Extracting Figures and Captions from Scientific Publications.**
    > Pengyuan Li, Xiangying Jiang, Hagit Shatkay. Extracting Figures and Captions from Scientific Publications. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1595-1598. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269265)


- **FactCheck: Validating RDF Triples Using Textual Evidence.**
    > Zafar Habeeb Syed, Michael Röder, Axel-Cyrille Ngonga Ngomo. FactCheck: Validating RDF Triples Using Textual Evidence. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1599-1602. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269308)


- **Hierarchical Complementary Attention Network for Predicting Stock Price Movements with News.**
    > Qikai Liu, Xiang Cheng, Sen Su, etc. Hierarchical Complementary Attention Network for Predicting Stock Price Movements with News. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1603-1606. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269286)


- **Holistic Crowd-Powered Sorting via AID: Optimizing for Accuracies, Inconsistencies, and Difficulties.**
    > Shreya Rajpal, Aditya G. Parameswaran. Holistic Crowd-Powered Sorting via AID: Optimizing for Accuracies, Inconsistencies, and Difficulties. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1607-1610. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269279)


- **Homepage Augmentation by Predicting Links in Heterogenous Networks.**
    > Jianming Lv, Jiajie Zhong, Weihang Chen, etc. Homepage Augmentation by Predicting Links in Heterogenous Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1611-1614. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269249)


- **How Consistent is Relevance Feedback in Exploratory Search?**
    > Alan Medlar, Dorota Glowacka. How Consistent is Relevance Feedback in Exploratory Search? in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1615-1618. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269297)


- **HRAM: A Hybrid Recurrent Attention Machine for News Recommendation.**
    > Dhruv Khattar, Vaibhav Kumar, Vasudeva Varma, etc. HRAM: A Hybrid Recurrent Attention Machine for News Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1619-1622. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269311)


- **A Hybrid Approach for Automatic Model Recommendation.**
    > Roman Vainshtein, Asnat Greenstein-Messica, Gilad Katz, etc. A Hybrid Approach for Automatic Model Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1623-1626. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269299)


- **Hybrid Deep Sequential Modeling for Social Text-Driven Stock Prediction.**
    > Huizhe Wu, Wei Zhang, Weiwei Shen, etc. Hybrid Deep Sequential Modeling for Social Text-Driven Stock Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1627-1630. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269290)


- **Imbalanced Sentiment Classification with Multi-Task Learning.**
    > Fangzhao Wu, Chuhan Wu, Junxin Liu. Imbalanced Sentiment Classification with Multi-Task Learning. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1631-1634. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269325)


- **Impact of Document Representation on Neural Ad hoc Retrieval.**
    > Ebrahim Bagheri, Faezeh Ensan, Feras N. Al-Obeidat. Impact of Document Representation on Neural Ad hoc Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1635-1638. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269314)


- **Implementation Notes for the Soft Cosine Measure.**
    > Vít Novotný. Implementation Notes for the Soft Cosine Measure. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1639-1642. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269317)


- **Improve Network Embeddings with Regularization.**
    > Yi Zhang, Jianguo Lu, Ofer Shai. Improve Network Embeddings with Regularization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1643-1646. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269320)


- **Improved and Robust Controversy Detection in General Web Pages Using Semantic Approaches under Large Scale Conditions.**
    > Jasper Linmans, Bob van de Velde, Evangelos Kanoulas. Improved and Robust Controversy Detection in General Web Pages Using Semantic Approaches under Large Scale Conditions. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1647-1650. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269301)


- **Improving Low-Rank Matrix Completion with Self-Expressiveness.**
    > Minsu Kwon, Han-Gyu Kim, Ho-Jin Choi. Improving Low-Rank Matrix Completion with Self-Expressiveness. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1651-1654. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269293)


- **Incorporating Corporation Relationship via Graph Convolutional Neural Networks for Stock Price Prediction.**
    > Yingmei Chen, Zhongyu Wei, Xuanjing Huang. Incorporating Corporation Relationship via Graph Convolutional Neural Networks for Stock Price Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1655-1658. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269269)


- **IntentsKB: A Knowledge Base of Entity-Oriented Search Intents.**
    > Darío Garigliotti, Krisztian Balog. IntentsKB: A Knowledge Base of Entity-Oriented Search Intents. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1659-1662. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269257)


- **Joint Dictionary Learning and Semantic Constrained Latent Subspace Projection for Cross-Modal Retrieval.**
    > Jianlong Wu, Zhouchen Lin, Hongbin Zha. Joint Dictionary Learning and Semantic Constrained Latent Subspace Projection for Cross-Modal Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1663-1666. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269296)


- **K-core Minimization: An Edge Manipulation Approach.**
    > Weijie Zhu, Chen Chen, Xiaoyang Wang, etc. K-core Minimization: An Edge Manipulation Approach. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1667-1670. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269254)


- **Label Propagation with Neural Networks.**
    > Aditya Pal, Deepayan Chakrabarti. Label Propagation with Neural Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1671-1674. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269322)


- **Learning to Geolocalise Tweets at a Fine-Grained Level.**
    > Jorge David Gonzalez Paule, Yashar Moshfeghi, Craig Macdonald, etc. Learning to Geolocalise Tweets at a Fine-Grained Level. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1675-1678. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269291)


- **Linked Causal Variational Autoencoder for Inferring Paired Spillover Effects.**
    > Vineeth Rakesh, Ruocheng Guo, Raha Moraffah, etc. Linked Causal Variational Autoencoder for Inferring Paired Spillover Effects. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1679-1682. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269267)


- **Local and Global Information Fusion for Top-N Recommendation in Heterogeneous Information Network.**
    > Binbin Hu, Chuan Shi, Wayne Xin Zhao, etc. Local and Global Information Fusion for Top-N Recommendation in Heterogeneous Information Network. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1683-1686. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269278)


- **Long-Term RNN: Predicting Hazard Function for Proactive Maintenance of Water Mains.**
    > Bin Liang, Zhidong Li, Yang Wang, etc. Long-Term RNN: Predicting Hazard Function for Proactive Maintenance of Water Mains. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1687-1690. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269321)


- **Low-Complexity Supervised Rank Fusion Models.**
    > André Mourão, João Magalhães. Low-Complexity Supervised Rank Fusion Models. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1691-1694. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269316)


- **Mining &amp; Summarizing E-petitions for Enhanced Understanding of Public Opinion.**
    > Shreshtha Mundra, Sachin Kumar, Manjira Sinha, etc. Mining &amp; Summarizing E-petitions for Enhanced Understanding of Public Opinion. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1695-1698. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269246)


- **MM: A new Framework for Multidimensional Evaluation of Search Engines.**
    > João R. M. Palotti, Guido Zuccon, Allan Hanbury. MM: A new Framework for Multidimensional Evaluation of Search Engines. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1699-1702. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269261)


- **Modeling Consumer Buying Decision for Recommendation Based on Multi-Task Deep Learning.**
    > Qiaolin Xia, Peng Jiang, Fei Sun, etc. Modeling Consumer Buying Decision for Recommendation Based on Multi-Task Deep Learning. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1703-1706. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269285)


- **Modeling Multi-way Relations with Hypergraph Embedding.**
    > Chia-An Yu, Ching-Lun Tai, Tak-Shing Chan, etc. Modeling Multi-way Relations with Hypergraph Embedding. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1707-1710. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269274)


- **More than Threads: Identifying Related Email Messages.**
    > Noa Avigdor-Elgrabli, Roei Gelbhart, Irena Grabovitch-Zuyev, etc. More than Threads: Identifying Related Email Messages. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1711-1714. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269255)


- **MultiE: Multi-Task Embedding for Knowledge Base Completion.**
    > Zhao Zhang, Fuzhen Zhuang, Zheng-Yu Niu, etc. MultiE: Multi-Task Embedding for Knowledge Base Completion. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1715-1718. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269295)


- **Multi-Emotion Category Improving Embedding for Sentiment Classification.**
    > Shuo Wang, Xiaofeng Meng. Multi-Emotion Category Improving Embedding for Sentiment Classification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1719-1722. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269284)


- **Multiple Manifold Regularized Sparse Coding for Multi-View Image Clustering.**
    > Xiaofei Zhu, Khoi Duy Vo, Jiafeng Guo, etc. Multiple Manifold Regularized Sparse Coding for Multi-View Image Clustering. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1723-1726. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269235)


- **Multiple Pairwise Ranking with Implicit Feedback.**
    > Runlong Yu, Yunzhou Zhang, Yuyang Ye, etc. Multiple Pairwise Ranking with Implicit Feedback. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1727-1730. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269283)


- **Neighborhood Voting: A Novel Search Scheme for Hashing.**
    > Yan Xiao, Jiafeng Guo, Yanyan Lan, etc. Neighborhood Voting: A Novel Search Scheme for Hashing. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1731-1734. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269240)


- **A Network-embedding Based Method for Author Disambiguation.**
    > Jun Xu, Siqi Shen, Dongsheng Li, etc. A Network-embedding Based Method for Author Disambiguation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1735-1738. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269272)


- **Neural Retrieval with Partially Shared Embedding Spaces.**
    > Bo Li, Le Jia. Neural Retrieval with Partially Shared Embedding Spaces. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1739-1742. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269306)


- **An Option Gate Module for Sentence Inference on Machine Reading Comprehension.**
    > Xuming Lin, Ruifang Liu, Yiwei Li. An Option Gate Module for Sentence Inference on Machine Reading Comprehension. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1743-1746. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269280)


- **Point Symmetry-based Deep Clustering.**
    > José G. Moreno. Point Symmetry-based Deep Clustering. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1747-1750. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269328)


- **Predicting Personal Life Events from Streaming Social Content.**
    > Maryam Khodabakhsh, Hossein Fani, Fattane Zarrinkalam, etc. Predicting Personal Life Events from Streaming Social Content. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1751-1754. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269313)


- **Query Tracking for E-commerce Conversational Search: A Machine Comprehension Perspective.**
    > Yunlun Yang, Yu Gong, Xi Chen. Query Tracking for E-commerce Conversational Search: A Machine Comprehension Perspective. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1755-1758. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269326)


- **Query Understanding via Entity Attribute Identification.**
    > Arash Dargahi Nobari, Arian Askari, Faegheh Hasibi, etc. Query Understanding via Entity Attribute Identification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1759-1762. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269245)


- **Ready for Use: Subject-Independent Movement Intention Recognition via a Convolutional Attention Model.**
    > Dalin Zhang, Lina Yao, Kaixuan Chen, etc. Ready for Use: Subject-Independent Movement Intention Recognition via a Convolutional Attention Model. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1763-1766. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269259)


- **Recommender Systems with Characterized Social Regularization.**
    > Tzu-Heng Lin, Chen Gao, Yong Li. Recommender Systems with Characterized Social Regularization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1767-1770. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269234)


- **Recommending Serendipitous Items using Transfer Learning.**
    > Gaurav Pandey, Denis Kotkov, Alexander Semenov. Recommending Serendipitous Items using Transfer Learning. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1771-1774. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269268)


- **A Recurrent Neural Network for Sentiment Quantification.**
    > Andrea Esuli, Alejandro Moreo Fernández, Fabrizio Sebastiani. A Recurrent Neural Network for Sentiment Quantification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1775-1778. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269287)


- **Re-evaluating Embedding-Based Knowledge Graph Completion Methods.**
    > Farahnaz Akrami, Lingbing Guo, Wei Hu, etc. Re-evaluating Embedding-Based Knowledge Graph Completion Methods. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1779-1782. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269266)


- **Re-ranking Web Search Results for Better Fact-Checking: A Preliminary Study.**
    > Khaled Yasser, Mücahid Kutlu, Tamer Elsayed. Re-ranking Web Search Results for Better Fact-Checking: A Preliminary Study. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1783-1786. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269288)


- **Sci-Blogger: A Step Towards Automated Science Journalism.**
    > Raghuram Vadapalli, Bakhtiyar Syed, Nishant Prabhu, etc. Sci-Blogger: A Step Towards Automated Science Journalism. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1787-1790. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269303)


- **Semi-Supervised Collaborative Learning for Social Spammer and Spam Message Detection in Microblogging.**
    > Fangzhao Wu, Chuhan Wu, Junxin Liu. Semi-Supervised Collaborative Learning for Social Spammer and Spam Message Detection in Microblogging. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1791-1794. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269324)


- **A Sequential Neural Information Diffusion Model with Structure Attention.**
    > Zhitao Wang, Chengyao Chen, Wenjie Li. A Sequential Neural Information Diffusion Model with Structure Attention. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1795-1798. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269275)


- **A Supervised Learning Framework for Prediction of Incompatible Herb Pair in Traditional Chinese Medicine.**
    > Jiajing Zhu, Yongguo Liu, Shangming Yang, etc. A Supervised Learning Framework for Prediction of Incompatible Herb Pair in Traditional Chinese Medicine. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1799-1802. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269241)


- **TED-KISS: A Known-Item Speech Video Search Benchmark.**
    > Fan Fang, Bo-Wen Zhang, Xu-Cheng Yin, etc. TED-KISS: A Known-Item Speech Video Search Benchmark. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1803-1806. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269300)


- **TEQUILA: Temporal Question Answering over Knowledge Bases.**
    > Zhen Jia, Abdalghani Abujabal, Rishiraj Saha Roy, etc. TEQUILA: Temporal Question Answering over Knowledge Bases. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1807-1810. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269247)


- **Toward Automated Multiparty Privacy Conflict Detection.**
    > Haoti Zhong, Anna Cinzia Squicciarini, David J. Miller. Toward Automated Multiparty Privacy Conflict Detection. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1811-1814. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269329)


- **Towards a Quantum-Inspired Framework for Binary Classification.**
    > Prayag Tiwari, Massimo Melucci. Towards a Quantum-Inspired Framework for Binary Classification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1815-1818. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269304)


- **Towards Explainable Networked Prediction.**
    > Liangyue Li, Hanghang Tong, Huan Liu. Towards Explainable Networked Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1819-1822. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269276)


- **Towards Partition-Aware Lifted Inference.**
    > Melisachew Wudage Chekol, Heiner Stuckenschmidt. Towards Partition-Aware Lifted Inference. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1823-1826. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269327)


- **Unsupervised Evaluation of Text Co-clustering Algorithms Using Neural Word Embeddings.**
    > François Role, Stanislas Morbieu, Mohamed Nadif. Unsupervised Evaluation of Text Co-clustering Algorithms Using Neural Word Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1827-1830. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269282)


- **User Identification with Spatio-Temporal Awareness across Social Networks.**
    > Xing Gao, Wenli Ji, Yongjun Li, etc. User Identification with Spatio-Temporal Awareness across Social Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1831-1834. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269248)


- **Using Word Embeddings for Information Retrieval: How Collection and Term Normalization Choices Affect Performance.**
    > Dwaipayan Roy, Debasis Ganguly, Sumit Bhatia, etc. Using Word Embeddings for Information Retrieval: How Collection and Term Normalization Choices Affect Performance. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1835-1838. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269277)


- **Variational Recurrent Model for Session-based Recommendation.**
    > Zhitao Wang, Chengyao Chen, Ke Zhang, etc. Variational Recurrent Model for Session-based Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1839-1842. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269302)


- **vec2Link: Unifying Heterogeneous Data for Social Link Prediction.**
    > Fan Zhou, Bangying Wu, Yi Yang, etc. vec2Link: Unifying Heterogeneous Data for Social Link Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1843-1846. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269244)


- **W2E: A Worldwide-Event Benchmark Dataset for Topic Detection and Tracking.**
    > Tuan-Anh Hoang, Khoi Duy Vo, Wolfgang Nejdl. W2E: A Worldwide-Event Benchmark Dataset for Topic Detection and Tracking. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1847-1850. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269309)


- **Weakly-Supervised Generative Adversarial Nets with Auxiliary Information for Wireless Coverage Estimation.**
    > Zhuo Li, Hongwei Wang, Miao Zhao. Weakly-Supervised Generative Adversarial Nets with Auxiliary Information for Wireless Coverage Estimation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1851-1854. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269294)


- **Weave&amp;Rec: A Word Embedding based 3-D Convolutional Network for News Recommendation.**
    > Dhruv Khattar, Vaibhav Kumar, Vasudeva Varma, etc. Weave&amp;Rec: A Word Embedding based 3-D Convolutional Network for News Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1855-1858. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269307)


- **Word-Driven and Context-Aware Review Modeling for Recommendation.**
    > Qianqian Wang, Si Li, Guang Chen. Word-Driven and Context-Aware Review Modeling for Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1859-1862. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269258)


- **ASTRO: A Datalog System for Advanced Stream Reasoning.**
    > Ariyam Das, Sahil M. Gandhi, Carlo Zaniolo. ASTRO: A Datalog System for Advanced Stream Reasoning. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1863-1866. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269223)


- **BBoxDB - A Scalable Data Store for Multi-Dimensional Big Data.**
    > Jan Kristof Nidzwetzki, Ralf Hartmut Güting. BBoxDB - A Scalable Data Store for Multi-Dimensional Big Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1867-1870. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269208)


- **Beacon in the Dark: A System for Interactive Exploration of Large Email Corpora.**
    > Tim Repke, Ralf Krestel, Jakob Edding, etc. Beacon in the Dark: A System for Interactive Exploration of Large Email Corpora. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1871-1874. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269231)


- **CAPatternMiner: Mining Ship Collision Avoidance Behavior from AIS Trajectory Data.**
    > Po-Ruey Lei, Li-Pin Xiao, Yu Ting Wen, etc. CAPatternMiner: Mining Ship Collision Avoidance Behavior from AIS Trajectory Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1875-1878. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269221)


- **CEC: Constraints based Explanation for Classifications.**
    > Daniel Deutch, Nave Frost. CEC: Constraints based Explanation for Classifications. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1879-1882. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269214)


- **CurEx: A System for Extracting, Curating, and Exploring Domain-Specific Knowledge Graphs from Text.**
    > Michael Loster, Felix Naumann, Jan Ehmueller, etc. CurEx: A System for Extracting, Curating, and Exploring Domain-Specific Knowledge Graphs from Text. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1883-1886. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269229)


- **Demonstration of GenoMetric Query Language.**
    > Stefano Ceri, Arif Canakoglu, Andrea Gulino, etc. Demonstration of GenoMetric Query Language. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1887-1890. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269217)


- **DEVES: Interactive Signal Analytics for Drug Safety.**
    > Tabassum Kakar, Xiao Qin, Andrew Schade, etc. DEVES: Interactive Signal Analytics for Drug Safety. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1891-1894. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269211)


- **Distributed Ledger Technology for Document and Workflow Management in Trade and Logistics.**
    > Ziyuan Wang, Dain Yap Liffman, Dileban Karunamoorthy, etc. Distributed Ledger Technology for Document and Workflow Management in Trade and Logistics. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1895-1898. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269222)


- **Every Word has its History: Interactive Exploration and Visualization of Word Sense Evolution.**
    > Adam Jatowt, Ricardo Campos, Sourav S. Bhowmick, etc. Every Word has its History: Interactive Exploration and Visualization of Word Sense Evolution. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1899-1902. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269218)


- **Exploring Diversified Similarity with Kundaha.**
    > Lúcio F. D. Santos, Gustavo Blanco, Daniel de Oliveira, etc. Exploring Diversified Similarity with Kundaha. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1903-1906. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269220)


- **Fouilla: Navigating DBpedia by Topic.**
    > Tanguy Raynaud, Julien Subercaze, Frédérique Laforest. Fouilla: Navigating DBpedia by Topic. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1907-1910. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269210)


- **From Copernicus Big Data to Big Information and Big Knowledge: A Demo from the Copernicus App Lab Project.**
    > Konstantina Bereta, Hervé Caumont, Erwin Goor, etc. From Copernicus Big Data to Big Information and Big Knowledge: A Demo from the Copernicus App Lab Project. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1911-1914. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269232)


- **I4TSRS: A System to Assist a Data Engineer in Time-Series Dimensionality Reduction in Industry 4.0 Scenarios.**
    > Kevin Villalobos, Borja Diez, Arantza Illarramendi, etc. I4TSRS: A System to Assist a Data Engineer in Time-Series Dimensionality Reduction in Industry 4.0 Scenarios. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1915-1918. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269213)


- **IM Balanced: Influence Maximization Under Balance Constraints.**
    > Shay Gershtein, Tova Milo, Brit Youngmann, etc. IM Balanced: Influence Maximization Under Balance Constraints. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1919-1922. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269212)


- **MIaS: Math-Aware Retrieval in Digital Mathematical Libraries.**
    > Petr Sojka, Michal Ruzicka, Vít Novotný. MIaS: Math-Aware Retrieval in Digital Mathematical Libraries. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1923-1926. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269233)


- **Ontop-temporal: A Tool for Ontology-based Query Answering over Temporal Data.**
    > Elem Güzel Kalayci, Guohui Xiao, Vladislav Ryzhikov, etc. Ontop-temporal: A Tool for Ontology-based Query Answering over Temporal Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1927-1930. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269230)


- **Preference-driven Interactive Ranking System for Personalized Decision Support.**
    > Caitlin Kuhlman, MaryAnn Van Valkenburg, Diana Doherty, etc. Preference-driven Interactive Ranking System for Personalized Decision Support. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1931-1934. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269227)


- **Preserving Privacy of Fraud Detection Rule Sharing Using Intel&apos;s SGX.**
    > Daniel Deutch, Yehonatan Ginzberg, Tova Milo. Preserving Privacy of Fraud Detection Rule Sharing Using Intel&apos;s SGX. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1935-1938. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269225)


- **searchrefiner: A Query Visualisation and Understanding Tool for Systematic Reviews.**
    > Harrisen Scells, Guido Zuccon. searchrefiner: A Query Visualisation and Understanding Tool for Systematic Reviews. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1939-1942. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269215)


- **Single-Setup Privacy Enforcement for Heterogeneous Data Ecosystems.**
    > Issac Buenrostro, Abhishek Tiwari, Vasanth Rajamani, etc. Single-Setup Privacy Enforcement for Heterogeneous Data Ecosystems. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1943-1946. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269228)


- **SOURCERY: User Driven Multi-Criteria Source Selection.**
    > Edward Abel, John A. Keane, Norman W. Paton, etc. SOURCERY: User Driven Multi-Criteria Source Selection. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1947-1950. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269209)


- **Spark-parSketch: A Massively Distributed Indexing of Time Series Datasets.**
    > Oleksandra Levchenko, Djamel Edine Yagoubi, Reza Akbarinia, etc. Spark-parSketch: A Massively Distributed Indexing of Time Series Datasets. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1951-1954. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269226)


- **Traffic-Cascade: Mining and Visualizing Lifecycles of Traffic Congestion Events Using Public Bus Trajectories.**
    > Agus Trisnajaya Kwee, Meng-Fen Chiang, Philips Kokoh Prasetyo, etc. Traffic-Cascade: Mining and Visualizing Lifecycles of Traffic Congestion Events Using Public Bus Trajectories. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1955-1958. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269216)


- **X-Rank: Explainable Ranking in Complex Multi-Layered Networks.**
    > Jian Kang, Scott Freitas, Haichao Yu, etc. X-Rank: Explainable Ranking in Complex Multi-Layered Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1959-1962. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269224)


- **YourDigitalSelf: A Personal Digital Trace Integration Tool.**
    > Varvara Kalokyri, Alexander Borgida, Amélie Marian. YourDigitalSelf: A Personal Digital Trace Integration Tool. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1963-1966. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3269219)


- **Automatic Conversational Helpdesk Solution using Seq2Seq and Slot-filling Models.**
    > Mayur Patidar, Puneet Agarwal, Lovekesh Vig, etc. Automatic Conversational Helpdesk Solution using Seq2Seq and Slot-filling Models. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1967-1975. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272029)


- **Behavior-based Community Detection: Application to Host Assessment In Enterprise Information Networks.**
    > Cheng Cao, Zhengzhang Chen, James Caverlee, etc. Behavior-based Community Detection: Application to Host Assessment In Enterprise Information Networks. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1977-1985. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272022)


- **Collaborative Alert Ranking for Anomaly Detection.**
    > Ying Lin, Zhengzhang Chen, Cheng Cao, etc. Collaborative Alert Ranking for Anomaly Detection. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1987-1995. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272013)


- **A Combined Representation Learning Approach for Better Job and Skill Recommendation.**
    > Vachik S. Dave, Baichuan Zhang, Mohammad Al Hasan, etc. A Combined Representation Learning Approach for Better Job and Skill Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 1997-2005. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272023)


- **Deep Graph Embedding for Ranking Optimization in E-commerce.**
    > Chen Chu, Zhao Li, Beibei Xin, etc. Deep Graph Embedding for Ranking Optimization in E-commerce. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2007-2015. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272028)


- **&quot;Deep&quot; Learning for Missing Value Imputationin Tables with Non-Numerical Data.**
    > Felix Bießmann, David Salinas, Sebastian Schelter, etc. &quot;Deep&quot; Learning for Missing Value Imputationin Tables with Non-Numerical Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2017-2025. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272005)


- **DeepAuth: A Framework for Continuous User Re-authentication in Mobile Apps.**
    > Sara Amini, Vahid Noroozi, Amit Pande, etc. DeepAuth: A Framework for Continuous User Re-authentication in Mobile Apps. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2027-2035. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272034)


- **Device-Aware Rule Recommendation for the Internet of Things.**
    > Beidou Wang, Xin Guo, Martin Ester, etc. Device-Aware Rule Recommendation for the Internet of Things. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2037-2045. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272009)


- **A Fast Linear Computational Framework for User Action Prediction in Tencent MyApp.**
    > Yaochen Hu, Di Niu, Jianming Yang. A Fast Linear Computational Framework for User Action Prediction in Tencent MyApp. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2047-2055. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272015)


- **FastInput: Improving Input Efficiency on Mobile Devices.**
    > Jingyuan Zhang, Xin Wang, Yue Feng, etc. FastInput: Improving Input Efficiency on Mobile Devices. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2057-2065. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272006)


- **A Globalization-Semantic Matching Neural Network for Paraphrase Identification.**
    > Miao Fan, Wutao Lin, Yue Feng, etc. A Globalization-Semantic Matching Neural Network for Paraphrase Identification. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2067-2075. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272004)


- **Heterogeneous Graph Neural Networks for Malicious Account Detection.**
    > Ziqi Liu, Chaochao Chen, Xinxing Yang, etc. Heterogeneous Graph Neural Networks for Malicious Account Detection. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2077-2085. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272010)


- **Image Matters: Visually Modeling User Behaviors Using Advanced Model Server.**
    > Tiezheng Ge, Liqin Zhao, Guorui Zhou, etc. Image Matters: Visually Modeling User Behaviors Using Advanced Model Server. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2087-2095. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272007)


- **Inferring Trip Occupancies in the Rise of Ride-Hailing Services.**
    > Meng-Fen Chiang, Ee-Peng Lim, Wang-Chien Lee, etc. Inferring Trip Occupancies in the Rise of Ride-Hailing Services. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2097-2105. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272025)


- **In-Session Personalization for Talent Search.**
    > Sahin Cem Geyik, Vijay Dialani, Meng Meng, etc. In-Session Personalization for Talent Search. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2107-2115. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272012)


- **Investigating Rumor News Using Agreement-Aware Search.**
    > Jingbo Shang, Jiaming Shen, Tianhang Sun, etc. Investigating Rumor News Using Agreement-Aware Search. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2117-2125. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272020)


- **Multi-Task Learning for Email Search Ranking with Auxiliary Query Clustering.**
    > Jiaming Shen, Maryam Karimzadehgan, Michael Bendersky, etc. Multi-Task Learning for Email Search Ranking with Auxiliary Query Clustering. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2127-2135. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272019)


- **Network-based Receivable Financing.**
    > Ilaria Bordino, Francesco Gullo. Network-based Receivable Financing. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2137-2145. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272017)


- **Optimizing Boiler Control in Real-Time with Machine Learning for Sustainability.**
    > Yukun Ding, Jinglan Liu, Jinjun Xiong, etc. Optimizing Boiler Control in Real-Time with Machine Learning for Sustainability. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2147-2154. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272024)


- **Optimizing Generalized Linear Models with Billions of Variables.**
    > Yanbo Liang, Yongyang Yu, MingJie Tang, etc. Optimizing Generalized Linear Models with Billions of Variables. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2155-2163. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272014)


- **Practical Diversified Recommendations on YouTube with Determinantal Point Processes.**
    > Mark Wilhelm, Ajith Ramanathan, Alexander Bonomo, etc. Practical Diversified Recommendations on YouTube with Determinantal Point Processes. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2165-2173. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272018)


- **Predictive Analysis by Leveraging Temporal User Behavior and User Embeddings.**
    > Charles Chen, Sungchul Kim, Hung Bui, etc. Predictive Analysis by Leveraging Temporal User Behavior and User Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2175-2182. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272032)


- **PriPeARL: A Framework for Privacy-Preserving Analytics and Reporting at LinkedIn.**
    > Krishnaram Kenthapadi, Thanh T. L. Tran. PriPeARL: A Framework for Privacy-Preserving Analytics and Reporting at LinkedIn. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2183-2191. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272031)


- **Real-Time Bidding with Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning in Display Advertising.**
    > Junqi Jin, Chengru Song, Han Li, etc. Real-Time Bidding with Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning in Display Advertising. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2193-2201. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272021)


- **Recurrent Spatio-Temporal Point Process for Check-in Time Prediction.**
    > Guolei Yang, Ying Cai, Chandan K. Reddy. Recurrent Spatio-Temporal Point Process for Check-in Time Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2203-2211. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272003)


- **Scalable Entity Resolution Using Probabilistic Signatures on Parallel Databases.**
    > Yuhang Zhang, Kee Siong Ng, Tania Churchill, etc. Scalable Entity Resolution Using Probabilistic Signatures on Parallel Databases. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2213-2221. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272016)


- **tHoops: A Multi-Aspect Analytical Framework for Spatio-Temporal Basketball Data.**
    > Evangelos E. Papalexakis, Konstantinos Pelechrinis. tHoops: A Multi-Aspect Analytical Framework for Spatio-Temporal Basketball Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2223-2232. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272002)


- **The Title Says It All: A Title Term Weighting Strategy For eCommerce Ranking.**
    > Anthony Bell, Prathyusha Senthil Kumar, Daniel Miranda. The Title Says It All: A Title Term Weighting Strategy For eCommerce Ranking. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2233-2241. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272033)


- **Towards a Fair Marketplace: Counterfactual Evaluation of the trade-off between Relevance, Fairness &amp; Satisfaction in Recommendation Systems.**
    > Rishabh Mehrotra, James McInerney, Hugues Bouchard, etc. Towards a Fair Marketplace: Counterfactual Evaluation of the trade-off between Relevance, Fairness &amp; Satisfaction in Recommendation Systems. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2243-2251. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272027)


- **Towards Deep and Representation Learning for Talent Search at LinkedIn.**
    > Rohan Ramanath, Hakan Inan, Gungor Polatkan, etc. Towards Deep and Representation Learning for Talent Search at LinkedIn. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2253-2261. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272030)


- **Towards Effective Extraction and Linking of Software Mentions from User-Generated Support Tickets.**
    > Jianglei Han, Ka Hian Goh, Aixin Sun, etc. Towards Effective Extraction and Linking of Software Mentions from User-Generated Support Tickets. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2263-2271. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272026)


- **A Two-Layer Algorithmic Framework for Service Provider Configuration and Planning with Optimal Spatial Matching.**
    > Xijun Li, Jianguo Yao, Mingxuan Yuan, etc. A Two-Layer Algorithmic Framework for Service Provider Configuration and Planning with Optimal Spatial Matching. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2273-2281. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272008)


- **Web-based Startup Success Prediction.**
    > Boris Sharchilev, Michael Roizner, Andrey Yu. Rumyantsev, etc. Web-based Startup Success Prediction. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2283-2291. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3272011)


- **From Big Data to Big Information and Big Knowledge: the Case of Earth Observation Data.**
    > Konstantina Bereta, Manolis Koubarakis, Stefan Manegold, etc. From Big Data to Big Information and Big Knowledge: the Case of Earth Observation Data. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2293-2294. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274270)


- **GraphRep: Boosting Text Mining, NLP and Information Retrieval with Graphs.**
    > Michalis Vazirgiannis, Fragkiskos D. Malliaros, Giannis Nikolentzos. GraphRep: Boosting Text Mining, NLP and Information Retrieval with Graphs. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2295-2296. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274273)


- **Incremental Techniques for Large-Scale Dynamic Query Processing.**
    > Iman Elghandour, Ahmet Kara, Dan Olteanu, etc. Incremental Techniques for Large-Scale Dynamic Query Processing. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2297-2298. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274271)


- **Knowledge Representation as Linked Data: Tutorial.**
    > Joachim Van Herwegen, Pieter Heyvaert, Ruben Taelman, etc. Knowledge Representation as Linked Data: Tutorial. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2299-2300. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274275)


- **Multi-model Databases and Tightly Integrated Polystores: Current Practices, Comparisons, and Open Challenges.**
    > Jiaheng Lu, Irena Holubová, Bogdan Cautis. Multi-model Databases and Tightly Integrated Polystores: Current Practices, Comparisons, and Open Challenges. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2301-2302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274269)


- **Semantic Technologies for Data Access and Integration.**
    > Diego Calvanese, Guohui Xiao. Semantic Technologies for Data Access and Integration. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2303-2304. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274272)


- **Unbiased Learning to Rank: Theory and Practice.**
    > Qingyao Ai, Jiaxin Mao, Yiqun Liu, etc. Unbiased Learning to Rank: Theory and Practice. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2305-2306. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274274)


- **User Group Analytics: Discovery, Exploration and Visualization.**
    > Behrooz Omidvar-Tehrani, Sihem Amer-Yahia. User Group Analytics: Discovery, Exploration and Visualization. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2307-2308. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274268)


- **CIKM 2018 Co-Located Workshops Summary.**
    > Alfredo Cuzzocrea, Francesco Bonchi, Dimitrios Gunopulos. CIKM 2018 Co-Located Workshops Summary. in Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2018, Torino, Italy, October 22-26, 2018(CIKM' 18). 2309-2311. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3269206.3274267)
