
- **Grand challenges for information management.**
    > Jaime G. Carbonell. Grand challenges for information management. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956864)


- **Query expansion using associated queries.**
    > Bodo Billerbeck, Falk Scholer, Hugh E. Williams, etc. Query expansion using associated queries. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 2-9. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956866)


- **A study of parameter tuning for term frequency normalization.**
    > Ben He, Iadh Ounis. A study of parameter tuning for term frequency normalization. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 10-16. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956867)


- **Using titles and category names from editor-driven taxonomies for automatic evaluation.**
    > Steven M. Beitzel, Eric C. Jensen, Abdur Chowdhury, etc. Using titles and category names from editor-driven taxonomies for automatic evaluation. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 17-23. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956868)


- **Approximate searches: k-neighbors + precision.**
    > Sid-Ahmed Berrani, Laurent Amsaleg, Patrick Gros. Approximate searches: k-neighbors + precision. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 24-31. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956870)


- **Replication and retrieval strategies of multidimensional data on parallel disks.**
    > Chung-Min Chen, Christine T. Cheng. Replication and retrieval strategies of multidimensional data on parallel disks. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 32-39. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956871)


- **Multi-resolution modeling of large scale scientific simulation data.**
    > Chuck Baldwin, Ghaleb Abdulla, Terence Critchlow. Multi-resolution modeling of large scale scientific simulation data. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 40-48. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956872)


- **Visual structures for image browsing.**
    > Ricardo da Silva Torres, Celmar G. Silva, Claudia Bauzer Medeiros, etc. Visual structures for image browsing. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 49-55. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956874)


- **Visualization of Communication Patterns in Collaborative Innovation Networks - Analysis of Some W3C Working Groups.**
    > Peter A. Gloor, Rob Laubacher, Scott B. C. Dynes, etc. Visualization of Communication Patterns in Collaborative Innovation Networks - Analysis of Some W3C Working Groups. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 56-60. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956875)


- **Similarity among melodies for music information retrieval.**
    > Takao Miura, Isamu Shioya. Similarity among melodies for music information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 61-68. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956877)


- **Efficient region-based image retrieval.**
    > Roger Weber, Michael Mlivoncic. Efficient region-based image retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 69-76. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956878)


- **Speech user interfaces for information retrieval.**
    > Juan E. Gilbert, Yapin Zhong. Speech user interfaces for information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 77-82. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956879)


- **The power-method: a comprehensive estimation technique for multi-dimensional queries.**
    > Yufei Tao, Christos Faloutsos, Dimitris Papadias. The power-method: a comprehensive estimation technique for multi-dimensional queries. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 83-90. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956881)


- **High dimensional reverse nearest neighbor queries.**
    > Amit Singh, Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu, Ali Saman Tosun. High dimensional reverse nearest neighbor queries. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 91-98. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956882)


- **Dimensionality reduction using magnitude and shape approximations.**
    > Ümit Y. Ogras, Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu. Dimensionality reduction using magnitude and shape approximations. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 99-107. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956883)


- **Web unit mining: finding and classifying subgraphs of web pages.**
    > Aixin Sun, Ee-Peng Lim. Web unit mining: finding and classifying subgraphs of web pages. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 108-115. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956885)


- **Question answering from the web using knowledge annotation and knowledge mining techniques.**
    > Jimmy Lin, Boris Katz. Question answering from the web using knowledge annotation and knowledge mining techniques. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 116-123. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956886)


- **Learning cross-document structural relationships using boosting.**
    > Zhu Zhang, Jahna Otterbacher, Dragomir R. Radev. Learning cross-document structural relationships using boosting. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 124-130. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956887)


- **A novel method for stemmer generation based on hidden markov models.**
    > Massimo Melucci, Nicola Orio. A novel method for stemmer generation based on hidden markov models. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 131-138. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956889)


- **Statistical transliteration for english-arabic cross language information retrieval.**
    > Nasreen Abdul Jaleel, Leah S. Larkey. Statistical transliteration for english-arabic cross language information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 139-146. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956890)


- **Addressing the lack of direct translation resources for cross-language retrieval.**
    > Lisa Ballesteros, Mark Sanderson. Addressing the lack of direct translation resources for cross-language retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 147-152. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956891)


- **Efficient data access to multi-channel broadcast programs.**
    > Wai Gen Yee, Shamkant B. Navathe. Efficient data access to multi-channel broadcast programs. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 153-160. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956893)


- **Exploring group mobility for replica data allocation in a mobile environment.**
    > Jiun-Long Huang, Ming-Syan Chen, Wen-Chih Peng. Exploring group mobility for replica data allocation in a mobile environment. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 161-168. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956894)


- **Lessons from the implementation of an adaptive parts acquisition ePortal.**
    > Rafael Alonso, Jeffrey A. Bloom, Hua Li. Lessons from the implementation of an adaptive parts acquisition ePortal. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 169-171. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956896)


- **Event analyzer: a tool for sequential data processing.**
    > Lilian Harada, Yuuji Hotta, Naoki Akaboshi, etc. Event analyzer: a tool for sequential data processing. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 172-174. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956897)


- **XML parsing: a threat to database performance.**
    > Matthias Nicola, Jasmi John. XML parsing: a threat to database performance. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 175-178. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956898)


- **Managing IFC for civil engineering projects.**
    > Renaud Vanlande, Christophe Cruz, Christophe Nicolle. Managing IFC for civil engineering projects. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 179-181. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956899)


- **Misuse detection for information retrieval systems.**
    > Rebecca Cathey, Ling Ma, Nazli Goharian, etc. Misuse detection for information retrieval systems. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 183-190. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956901)


- **Margin-based local regression for adaptive filtering.**
    > Yiming Yang, Bryan Kisiel. Margin-based local regression for adaptive filtering. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 191-198. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956902)


- **Content-based retrieval in hybrid peer-to-peer networks.**
    > Jie Lu, James P. Callan. Content-based retrieval in hybrid peer-to-peer networks. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 199-206. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956903)


- **A reliable storage management layer for distributed information retrieval systems.**
    > Charles L. A. Clarke, Philip L. Tilker, Allen Quoc-Luan Tran, etc. A reliable storage management layer for distributed information retrieval systems. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 207-215. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956905)


- **Towards integrative enterprise knowledge portals.**
    > Torsten Priebe, Günther Pernul. Towards integrative enterprise knowledge portals. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 216-223. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956906)


- **On the complexity of schema inference from web pages in the presence of nullable data attributes.**
    > Guizhen Yang, I. V. Ramakrishnan, Michael Kifer. On the complexity of schema inference from web pages in the presence of nullable data attributes. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 224-231. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956907)


- **Text classification from positive and unlabeled documents.**
    > Hwanjo Yu, ChengXiang Zhai, Jiawei Han. Text classification from positive and unlabeled documents. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 232-239. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956909)


- **Adding numbers to text classification.**
    > Sofus A. Macskassy, Haym Hirsh. Adding numbers to text classification. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 240-246. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956910)


- **Boosting support vector machines for text classification through parameter-free threshold relaxation.**
    > James G. Shanahan, Norbert Roma. Boosting support vector machines for text classification through parameter-free threshold relaxation. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 247-254. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956911)


- **Multi-resolution disambiguation of term occurrences.**
    > Einat Amitay, Rani Nelken, Wayne Niblack, etc. Multi-resolution disambiguation of term occurrences. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 255-262. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956913)


- **Flexible intrinsic evaluation of hierarchical clustering for TDT.**
    > James Allan, Ao Feng, Alvaro Bolivar. Flexible intrinsic evaluation of hierarchical clustering for TDT. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 263-270. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956914)


- **Queueing analysis of relational operators for continuous data streams.**
    > Qingchun Jiang, Sharma Chakravarthy. Queueing analysis of relational operators for continuous data streams. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 271-278. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956916)


- **Raindrop: a uniform and layered algebraic framework for XQueries on XML streams.**
    > Hong Su, Jinhui Jian, Elke A. Rundensteiner. Raindrop: a uniform and layered algebraic framework for XQueries on XML streams. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 279-286. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956917)


- **Dynamically maintaining frequent items over a data stream.**
    > Cheqing Jin, Weining Qian, Chaofeng Sha, etc. Dynamically maintaining frequent items over a data stream. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 287-294. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956918)


- **Bootstrapping for hierarchical document classification.**
    > Giordano Adami, Paolo Avesani, Diego Sona. Bootstrapping for hierarchical document classification. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 295-302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956920)


- **Lattice-based tagging using support vector machines.**
    > James Mayfield, Paul McNamee, Christine D. Piatko, etc. Lattice-based tagging using support vector machines. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 303-308. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956921)


- **Collaborative filtering with decoupled models for preferences and ratings.**
    > Rong Jin, Luo Si, ChengXiang Zhai, etc. Collaborative filtering with decoupled models for preferences and ratings. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 309-316. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956922)


- **Efficient multi-way text categorization via generalized discriminant analysis.**
    > Tao Li, Shenghuo Zhu, Mitsunori Ogihara. Efficient multi-way text categorization via generalized discriminant analysis. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 317-324. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956924)


- **Categorizing web queries according to geographical locality.**
    > Luis Gravano, Vasileios Hatzivassiloglou, Richard Lichtenstein. Categorizing web queries according to geographical locality. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 325-333. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956925)


- **Index construction for linear categorisation.**
    > Vaughan R. Shanks, Hugh E. Williams. Index construction for linear categorisation. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 334-341. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956926)


- **Light-weight xPath processing of XML stream with deterministic automata.**
    > Makoto Onizuka. Light-weight xPath processing of XML stream with deterministic automata. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 342-349. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956928)


- **Efficient ordering for XML data.**
    > Damien K. Fisher, Franky Lam, William M. Shui, etc. Efficient ordering for XML data. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 350-357. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956929)


- **Building XML statistics for the hidden web.**
    > Ashraf Aboulnaga, Jeffrey F. Naughton. Building XML statistics for the hidden web. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 358-365. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956930)


- **Ontologies for semantically interoperable systems.**
    > Leo Obrst. Ontologies for semantically interoperable systems. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 366-369. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956932)


- **The virGIS WFS-based spatial mediation system.**
    > Omar Boucelma, Jean-Yves Garinet, Zoé Lacroix. The virGIS WFS-based spatial mediation system. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 370-374. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956933)


- **Securely sharing neuroimagery.**
    > Kenneth P. Smith, Vipin Swarup, Sushil Jajodia, etc. Securely sharing neuroimagery. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 375-377. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956934)


- **Representing interests as a hyperlinked document collection.**
    > Michelle Jayne Fisher, Richard M. Everson. Representing interests as a hyperlinked document collection. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 378-385. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956936)


- **Automated index management for distributed web search.**
    > Rinat Khoussainov, Nicholas Kushmerick. Automated index management for distributed web search. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 386-393. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956937)


- **Combining link-based and content-based methods for web document classification.**
    > Pável Calado, Marco Cristo, Edleno Silva de Moura, etc. Combining link-based and content-based methods for web document classification. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 394-401. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956938)


- **HyperThesis: the gRNA spell on the curse of bioinformatics applications integration.**
    > Sourav S. Bhowmick, Vivek Vedagiri, Amey V. Laud. HyperThesis: the gRNA spell on the curse of bioinformatics applications integration. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 402-409. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956940)


- **Information extraction from biomedical literature: methodology, evaluation and an application.**
    > L. Venkata Subramaniam, Sougata Mukherjea, Pankaj Kankar, etc. Information extraction from biomedical literature: methodology, evaluation and an application. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 410-417. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956941)


- **Mining multiple phenotype structures underlying gene expression profiles.**
    > Chun Tang, Aidong Zhang. Mining multiple phenotype structures underlying gene expression profiles. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 418-425. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956942)


- **Efficient query evaluation using a two-level retrieval process.**
    > Andrei Z. Broder, David Carmel, Michael Herscovici, etc. Efficient query evaluation using a two-level retrieval process. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 426-434. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956944)


- **Operational requirements for scalable search systems.**
    > Abdur Chowdhury, Greg Pass. Operational requirements for scalable search systems. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 435-442. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956945)


- **Online duplicate document detection: signature reliability in a dynamic retrieval environment.**
    > Jack G. Conrad, Xi S. Guo, Cindy P. Schriber. Online duplicate document detection: signature reliability in a dynamic retrieval environment. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 443-452. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956946)


- **Hierarchical graph indexing.**
    > James Abello, Yannis Kotidis. Hierarchical graph indexing. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 453-460. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956948)


- **iTopN: incremental extraction of the N most visible objects.**
    > Linas Bukauskas, Leo Mark, Edward Omiecinski, etc. iTopN: incremental extraction of the N most visible objects. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 461-468. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956949)


- **Time-based language models.**
    > Xiaoyan Li, W. Bruce Croft. Time-based language models. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 469-475. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956951)


- **Exploiting syntactic structure of queries in a language modeling approach to IR.**
    > Munirathnam Srikanth, Rohini K. Srihari. Exploiting syntactic structure of queries in a language modeling approach to IR. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 476-483. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956952)


- **A unified model for metasearch, pooling, and system evaluation.**
    > Javed A. Aslam, Virgiliu Pavlu, Robert Savell. A unified model for metasearch, pooling, and system evaluation. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 484-491. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956953)


- **Intelligent metasearch engine for knowledge management.**
    > Eui-Hong Han, George Karypis, Doug Mewhort, etc. Intelligent metasearch engine for knowledge management. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 492-495. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956955)


- **SQL text parsing for information retrieval.**
    > David Holmes. SQL text parsing for information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 496-499. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956956)


- **Industrial evaluation of a highly-accurate academic IR system.**
    > Tahia Infantes-Morris, Philip J. Bernhard, Kevin L. Fox, etc. Industrial evaluation of a highly-accurate academic IR system. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 500-503. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956957)


- **An approach for implicitly detecting information needs.**
    > Ryen White, Joemon M. Jose, Ian Ruthven. An approach for implicitly detecting information needs. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 504-507. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956959)


- **Summarization evaluation using relative utility.**
    > Dragomir R. Radev, Daniel Tam. Summarization evaluation using relative utility. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 508-511. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956960)


- **Extracting unstructured data from template generated web documents.**
    > Ling Ma, Nazli Goharian, Abdur Chowdhury, etc. Extracting unstructured data from template generated web documents. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 512-515. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956961)


- **Techniques for efficient fragment detection in web pages.**
    > Lakshmish Ramaswamy, Arun Iyengar, Ling Liu, etc. Techniques for efficient fragment detection in web pages. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 516-519. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956962)


- **MASS: a multi-axis storage structure for large XML documents.**
    > Kurt W. Deschler, Elke A. Rundensteiner. MASS: a multi-axis storage structure for large XML documents. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 520-523. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956963)


- **User assisted text classification and knowledge management.**
    > Anne Kao, Lesley Quach, Steve Poteet, etc. User assisted text classification and knowledge management. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 524-527. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956964)


- **Expertise identification using email communications.**
    > Christopher S. Campbell, Paul P. Maglio, Alex Cozzi, etc. Expertise identification using email communications. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 528-531. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956965)


- **A visual interface technique for exploring OLAP data with coordinated dimension hierarchies.**
    > Mark Sifer. A visual interface technique for exploring OLAP data with coordinated dimension hierarchies. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 532-535. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956966)


- **estWin: adaptively monitoring the recent change of frequent itemsets over online data streams.**
    > Joong Hyuk Chang, Won Suk Lee. estWin: adaptively monitoring the recent change of frequent itemsets over online data streams. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 536-539. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956967)


- **Automatic identification of best entry points for focused structured document retrieval.**
    > Mounia Lalmas, Jane Reid. Automatic identification of best entry points for focused structured document retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 540-543. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956968)


- **Auto-generation of topic hierarchies for web images from users&apos; perspectives.**
    > Pu-Jen Cheng, Lee-Feng Chien. Auto-generation of topic hierarchies for web images from users&apos; perspectives. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 544-547. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956969)


- **Tracking changes in user interests with a few relevance judgments.**
    > Dwi H. Widyantoro, Thomas R. Ioerger, John Yen. Tracking changes in user interests with a few relevance judgments. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 548-551. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956970)


- **Digital annotation of printed documents.**
    > Corsin Decurtins, Moira C. Norrie, Beat Signer. Digital annotation of printed documents. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 552-555. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956971)


- **The link prediction problem for social networks.**
    > David Liben-Nowell, Jon M. Kleinberg. The link prediction problem for social networks. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 556-559. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956972)


- **Relevant query feedback in statistical language modeling.**
    > Ramesh Nallapati, W. Bruce Croft, James Allan. Relevant query feedback in statistical language modeling. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 560-563. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956973)


- **Ontology-driven peer profiling in peer-to-peer enabled semantic web.**
    > Olena Parkhomenko, Yugyung Lee, E. K. Park. Ontology-driven peer profiling in peer-to-peer enabled semantic web. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 564-567. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956974)


- **Finding more useful information faster from web search results.**
    > Yi-fang Brook Wu, Latha Shankar, Xin Chen. Finding more useful information faster from web search results. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 568-571. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956975)


- **An evaluation of the incorporation of a semantic network into a multidimensional retrieval engine.**
    > Jinho Lee, David A. Grossman, Ratko Orlandic. An evaluation of the incorporation of a semantic network into a multidimensional retrieval engine. in Proceedings of the 2003 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, New Orleans, Louisiana, USA, November 2-8, 2003(CIKM' 03). 572-575. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/956863.956976)
