
- **Efficient Processing of Conical Queries.**
    > Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu, Divyakant Agrawal, Amr El Abbadi. Efficient Processing of Conical Queries. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 1-8. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502587)


- **Effective Nearest Neighbor Indexing with the Euclidean Metric.**
    > Sang-Wook Kim, Charu C. Aggarwal, Philip S. Yu. Effective Nearest Neighbor Indexing with the Euclidean Metric. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 9-16. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502588)


- **Query-Sensitive Similarity Measures for the Calculation of Interdocument Relationships.**
    > Anastasios Tombros, C. J. van Rijsbergen. Query-Sensitive Similarity Measures for the Calculation of Interdocument Relationships. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 17-24. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502589)


- **Bipartite Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering.**
    > Hongyuan Zha, Xiaofeng He, Chris H. Q. Ding, etc. Bipartite Graph Partitioning and Data Clustering. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 25-32. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502591)


- **Evaluating Document Clustering for Interactive Information Retrieval.**
    > Anton Leuski. Evaluating Document Clustering for Interactive Information Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 33-40. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502592)


- **Extracting Meaningful Labels for WEBSOM Text Archives.**
    > Arnulfo P. Azcarraga, Teddy N. Yap Jr.. Extracting Meaningful Labels for WEBSOM Text Archives. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 41-48. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502593)


- **Exposing the Vagueness of Query Results on Partly Inaccessible Databases.**
    > Oliver Haase, Andreas Henrich. Exposing the Vagueness of Query Results on Partly Inaccessible Databases. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 49-56. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502595)


- **Towards a Visual Query Interface for Phylogenetic Databases.**
    > Hasan M. Jamil, Giovanni A. Modica, Maria A. Teran. Towards a Visual Query Interface for Phylogenetic Databases. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 57-64. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502596)


- **A Relational Algebra for Data/Metadata Integration in a Federated Database System.**
    > Catharine M. Wyss, Dirk Van Gucht. A Relational Algebra for Data/Metadata Integration in a Federated Database System. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 65-72. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502597)


- **Approximately Common Patterns in Shared-Forests.**
    > Manuel Vilares Ferro, Francisco J. Ribadas, Jorge Graña Gil. Approximately Common Patterns in Shared-Forests. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 73-80. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502599)


- **Multi-Dimensional Sequential Pattern Mining.**
    > Helen Pinto, Jiawei Han, Jian Pei, etc. Multi-Dimensional Sequential Pattern Mining. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 81-88. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502600)


- **Mining Confident Rules Without Support Requirement.**
    > Ke Wang, Yu He, David Wai-Lok Cheung, etc. Mining Confident Rules Without Support Requirement. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 89-96. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502601)


- **Combining Multiple Classifiers for Text Categorization.**
    > Khalid Al-Kofahi, Alex Tyrrell, Arun Vachher, etc. Combining Multiple Classifiers for Text Categorization. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 97-104. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502603)


- **Text Classification in a Hierarchical Mixture Model for Small Training Sets.**
    > Kristina Toutanova, Francine Chen, Kris Popat, etc. Text Classification in a Hierarchical Mixture Model for Small Training Sets. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 105-112. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502604)


- **Using LSI for Text Classification in the Presence of Background Text.**
    > Sarah Zelikovitz, Haym Hirsh. Using LSI for Text Classification in the Presence of Background Text. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 113-118. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502605)


- **Keeping Found Things Found on the Web.**
    > William P. Jones, Harry Bruce, Susan T. Dumais. Keeping Found Things Found on the Web. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 119-126. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502607)


- **Merging Techniques for Performing Data Fusion on the Web.**
    > Theodora Tsikrika, Mounia Lalmas. Merging Techniques for Performing Data Fusion on the Web. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 127-134. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502608)


- **Using navigation Data to Improve IR functions in the Context of Web Search.**
    > Mark Hansen, Elizabeth Shriver. Using navigation Data to Improve IR functions in the Context of Web Search. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 135-142. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502609)


- **Mining the Web for Answers to Natural Language Questions.**
    > Dragomir R. Radev, Hong Qi, Zhiping Zheng, etc. Mining the Web for Answers to Natural Language Questions. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 143-150. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502610)


- **Induction of Integrated View for XML Data with Heterogeneous DTDs.**
    > Euna Jeong, Chun-Nan Hsu. Induction of Integrated View for XML Data with Heterogeneous DTDs. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 151-158. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502612)


- **Structural Inference for Semistructured Data.**
    > Jason Sankey, Raymond K. Wong. Structural Inference for Semistructured Data. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 159-166. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502613)


- **X007: Applying 007 Benchmark to XML Query Processing Tool.**
    > Stéphane Bressan, Gillian Dobbie, Zoé Lacroix, etc. X007: Applying 007 Benchmark to XML Query Processing Tool. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 167-174. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502614)


- **Structural Proximity Searching for Large Collections of Semi-Structured Data.**
    > Michael Barg, Raymond K. Wong. Structural Proximity Searching for Large Collections of Semi-Structured Data. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 175-182. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502615)


- **The Effectiveness of Query Expansion for Distributed Information Retrieval.**
    > Paul Ogilvie, James P. Callan. The Effectiveness of Query Expansion for Distributed Information Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 183-190. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502617)


- **Approaches to Collection Selection and Results Merging for Distributed Information Retrieval.**
    > Yves Rasolofo, Faïza Abbaci, Jacques Savoy. Approaches to Collection Selection and Results Merging for Distributed Information Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 191-198. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502618)


- **Exploiting A Controlled Vocabulary to Improve Collection Selection and Retrieval Effectiveness.**
    > James C. French, Allison L. Powell, Fredric C. Gey, etc. Exploiting A Controlled Vocabulary to Improve Collection Selection and Retrieval Effectiveness. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 199-206. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502619)


- **Predicting the Cost-Quality Trade-Off for Information Retrieval Queries: Facilitating Database Design and Query Optimization.**
    > Henk Ernst Blok, Djoerd Hiemstra, Sunil Choenni, etc. Predicting the Cost-Quality Trade-Off for Information Retrieval Queries: Facilitating Database Design and Query Optimization. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 207-214. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502621)


- **How Foreign Function Integration Conquers Heterogeneous Query Processing.**
    > Klaudia Hergula, Theo Härder. How Foreign Function Integration Conquers Heterogeneous Query Processing. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 215-222. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502622)


- **Joint Optimization of Cost and Coverage of Query Plans in Data Integration.**
    > Zaiqing Nie, Subbarao Kambhampati. Joint Optimization of Cost and Coverage of Query Plans in Data Integration. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 223-230. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502623)


- **A Music Recommendation System Based on Music Data Grouping and User Interests.**
    > Hung-Chen Chen, Arbee L. P. Chen. A Music Recommendation System Based on Music Data Grouping and User Interests. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 231-238. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502625)


- **Selecting Relevant Instances for Efficient and Accurate Collaborative Filtering.**
    > Kai Yu, Xiaowei Xu, Martin Ester, etc. Selecting Relevant Instances for Efficient and Accurate Collaborative Filtering. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 239-246. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502626)


- **Evaluation of Item-Based Top-N Recommendation Algorithms.**
    > George Karypis. Evaluation of Item-Based Top-N Recommendation Algorithms. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 247-254. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502627)


- **Prefix-Querying: An Approach for Effective Subsequence Matching Under Time Warping in Sequence Databases.**
    > Sanghyun Park, Sang-Wook Kim, June-Suh Cho, etc. Prefix-Querying: An Approach for Effective Subsequence Matching Under Time Warping in Sequence Databases. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 255-262. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502629)


- **Sliding-Window Filtering: An Efficient Algorithm for Incremental Mining.**
    > Chang-Hung Lee, Cheng-Ru Lin, Ming-Syan Chen. Sliding-Window Filtering: An Efficient Algorithm for Incremental Mining. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 263-270. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502630)


- **Efficient and Robust Feature Extraction and Pattern Matching of Time Series by a Lattice Structure.**
    > Wan Po Man Polly, Man Hon Wong. Efficient and Robust Feature Extraction and Pattern Matching of Time Series by a Lattice Structure. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 271-278. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502631)


- **Mining the Web to Create Minority Language Corpora.**
    > Rayid Ghani, Rosie Jones, Dunja Mladenic. Mining the Web to Create Minority Language Corpora. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 279-286. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502633)


- **Automatic Recognition of Distinguishing Negative Indirect History Language in Judicial Opinions.**
    > Jack G. Conrad, Daniel P. Dabney. Automatic Recognition of Distinguishing Negative Indirect History Language in Judicial Opinions. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 287-294. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502634)


- **Effective Arabic-English Cross-Language Information Retrieval via Machine-Readable Dictionaries and Machine Translation.**
    > Mohammed Aljlayl, Ophir Frieder. Effective Arabic-English Cross-Language Information Retrieval via Machine-Readable Dictionaries and Machine Translation. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 295-302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502635)


- **A Near Optimal Algorithm for Generating Broadcast Programs on Multiple Channels.**
    > Chih-Hao Hsu, Guanling Lee, Arbee L. P. Chen. A Near Optimal Algorithm for Generating Broadcast Programs on Multiple Channels. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 303-309. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502637)


- **Managing Trust in a Peer-2-Peer Information System.**
    > Karl Aberer, Zoran Despotovic. Managing Trust in a Peer-2-Peer Information System. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 310-317. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502638)


- **Alternative Representations and Abstractions for Moving Sensors Databases.**
    > Jacob Eisenstein, Shahram Ghandeharizadeh, Cyrus Shahabi, etc. Alternative Representations and Abstractions for Moving Sensors Databases. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 318-325. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502639)


- **Termination Analysis of Active Rules Modular Sets.**
    > Alain Couchot. Termination Analysis of Active Rules Modular Sets. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 326-333. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502640)


- **Index Filtering and View Materialization in ROLAP Environment.**
    > Shi Guang Qiu, Tok Wang Ling. Index Filtering and View Materialization in ROLAP Environment. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 334-340. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502642)


- **Dynamic and Hierarchical Spatial Access Method using Integer Searching.**
    > Kyoosang Cho, Yijie Han, Yugyung Lee, etc. Dynamic and Hierarchical Spatial Access Method using Integer Searching. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 341-348. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502643)


- **Efficient Incremental View Maintenance in Data Warehouses.**
    > Ki Yong Lee, Jin Hyun Son, Myoung-Ho Kim. Efficient Incremental View Maintenance in Data Warehouses. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 349-357. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502644)


- **Improved String Matching Under Noisy Channel Conditions.**
    > Kevyn Collins-Thompson, Charles Schweizer, Susan T. Dumais. Improved String Matching Under Noisy Channel Conditions. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 357-364. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502646)


- **Summarization as Feature Selection for Text Categorization.**
    > Aleksander Kolcz, Vidya Prabakarmurthi, Jugal K. Kalita. Summarization as Feature Selection for Text Categorization. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 365-370. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502647)


- **Bootstrapping for Example-Based Data Extraction.**
    > Paulo Braz Golgher, Altigran Soares da Silva, Alberto H. F. Laender, etc. Bootstrapping for Example-Based Data Extraction. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 371-378. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502648)


- **SQL Database Primitives for Decision Tree Classifiers.**
    > Kai-Uwe Sattler, Oliver Dunemann. SQL Database Primitives for Decision Tree Classifiers. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 379-386. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502650)


- **Learning Probabilistic Datalog Rules for Information Classification and Transformation.**
    > Henrik Nottelmann, Norbert Fuhr. Learning Probabilistic Datalog Rules for Information Classification and Transformation. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 387-394. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502651)


- **SVM Binary Classifier Ensembles for Image Classification.**
    > Kingshy Goh, Edward Y. Chang, Kwang-Ting Cheng. SVM Binary Classifier Ensembles for Image Classification. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 395-402. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502652)


- **Model-based Feedback in the Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval.**
    > ChengXiang Zhai, John D. Lafferty. Model-based Feedback in the Language Modeling Approach to Information Retrieval. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 403-410. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502654)


- **PowerDB-IR - Information Retrieval on Top of a Database Cluster.**
    > Torsten Grabs, Klemens Böhm, Hans-Jörg Schek. PowerDB-IR - Information Retrieval on Top of a Database Cluster. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 411-418. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502655)


- **Automatic Query Expansion Based on Divergence.**
    > D. Cai, C. J. van Rijsbergen, Joemon M. Jose. Automatic Query Expansion Based on Divergence. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 419-426. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502656)


- **Relevance Score Normalization for Metasearch.**
    > Mark H. Montague, Javed A. Aslam. Relevance Score Normalization for Metasearch. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 427-433. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502657)


- **Binary Interpolation Search for Solution Mapping on Broadcast and On-demand Channels in a Mobile Computing Environment.**
    > Jiun-Long Huang, Wen-Chih Peng, Ming-Syan Chen. Binary Interpolation Search for Solution Mapping on Broadcast and On-demand Channels in a Mobile Computing Environment. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 434-441. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502659)


- **Caching Constrained Mobile Data.**
    > Subhasish Mazumdar, Mateusz Pietrzyk, Panos K. Chrysanthis. Caching Constrained Mobile Data. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 442-449. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502660)


- **Scaling Replica Maintenance In Intermittently Synchronized Mobile Databases.**
    > Wai Gen Yee, Edward Omiecinski, Michael J. Donahoo, etc. Scaling Replica Maintenance In Intermittently Synchronized Mobile Databases. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 450-457. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502661)


- **An Optimal Construction of Invalidation Reports for Mobile Databases.**
    > Wen-Chi Hou, Meng Su, Hongyan Zhang, etc. An Optimal Construction of Invalidation Reports for Mobile Databases. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 458-465. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502662)


- **Efficient Runtime Generation of Association Rules.**
    > Richard Relue, Xindong Wu, Hao Huang. Efficient Runtime Generation of Association Rules. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 466-473. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502664)


- **Rapid Association Rule Mining.**
    > Amitabha Das, Wee Keong Ng, Yew Kwong Woon. Rapid Association Rule Mining. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 474-481. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502665)


- **Mining Generalised Disjunctive Association Rules.**
    > Amit Anil Nanavati, Krishna Prasad Chitrapura, Sachindra Joshi, etc. Mining Generalised Disjunctive Association Rules. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 482-489. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502666)


- **Automatic Discovery of Salient Segments in Imperfect Speech Transcripts.**
    > Dulce B. Ponceleon, Savitha Srinivasan. Automatic Discovery of Salient Segments in Imperfect Speech Transcripts. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 490-497. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502668)


- **Finding Similar Images Quickly Using Object Shapes.**
    > Heng Tao Shen. Finding Similar Images Quickly Using Object Shapes. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 498-505. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502669)


- **Content-Based Retrieval of MP3 Music Objects.**
    > Chih-Chin Liu, Po-Jun Tsai. Content-Based Retrieval of MP3 Music Objects. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 506-511. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502670)


- **Irregularity in Multi-Dimensional Space-Filling Curves with Applications in Multimedia Databases.**
    > Mohamed F. Mokbel, Walid G. Aref. Irregularity in Multi-Dimensional Space-Filling Curves with Applications in Multimedia Databases. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 512-519. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502671)


- **Tempus Fugit: A System for Making Semantic Connections.**
    > Daniel Alexander Ford, Joann Ruvolo, Stefan Edlund, etc. Tempus Fugit: A System for Making Semantic Connections. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 520-522. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502673)


- **FOCI: Flexible Organizer for Competitive Intelligence.**
    > Hwee-Leng Ong, Ah-Hwee Tan, Jamie Ng, etc. FOCI: Flexible Organizer for Competitive Intelligence. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 523-525. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502674)


- **Towards Speech as a Knowledge Resource.**
    > Eric W. Brown, Savitha Srinivasan, Anni Coden, etc. Towards Speech as a Knowledge Resource. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 526-528. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502675)


- **Recent Developments in Text Summarization.**
    > Inderjeet Mani. Recent Developments in Text Summarization. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 529-531. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502677)


- **Summarization of Discussion Groups.**
    > Robert G. Farrell, Peter G. Fairweather, Kathleen Snyder. Summarization of Discussion Groups. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 532-534. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502678)


- **Question Answering in TREC.**
    > Ellen M. Voorhees. Question Answering in TREC. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 535-537. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502679)


- **The Enosys Markets Data Integration Platform: Lessons from the Trenches.**
    > Yannis Papakonstantinou, Vasilis Vassalos. The Enosys Markets Data Integration Platform: Lessons from the Trenches. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 538-540. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502681)


- **Self-Managing Technology in IBM DB2 Universal Database.**
    > Daniel C. Zilio, Sam Lightstone, Kelly A. Lyons, etc. Self-Managing Technology in IBM DB2 Universal Database. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 541-543. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502682)


- **Document Release versus Data Access Controls: Two Sides of the Same Coin?.**
    > Arnon Rosenthal, Gio Wiederhold. Document Release versus Data Access Controls: Two Sides of the Same Coin?. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 544-546. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502683)


- **Advanced Grouping and Aggregation for Data Integration.**
    > Eike Schallehn, Kai-Uwe Sattler, Gunter Saake. Advanced Grouping and Aggregation for Data Integration. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 547-549. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502685)


- **Dynamic Versioning Concurrency Control for Index-Based Data Access in Main Memory Database Systems.**
    > Ying Xia, Sung-Hee Kim, Sook-Kyoung Cho, etc. Dynamic Versioning Concurrency Control for Index-Based Data Access in Main Memory Database Systems. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 550-552. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502686)


- **O-PreH: Optimistic Transaction Processing Algorithm based on Pre-Reordering in Hybrid Broadcast Environments.**
    > SungSuk Kim, SangKeun Lee, Soon Young Jung, etc. O-PreH: Optimistic Transaction Processing Algorithm based on Pre-Reordering in Hybrid Broadcast Environments. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 553-555. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502687)


- **Algorithm for Discovering Multivalued Dependencies.**
    > Men Hin Yan, Ada Wai-Chee Fu. Algorithm for Discovering Multivalued Dependencies. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 556-558. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502688)


- **A Performance Comparison of bitmap indexes.**
    > Kesheng Wu, Ekow J. Otoo, Arie Shoshani. A Performance Comparison of bitmap indexes. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 559-561. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502689)


- **Faciliating Knowledge Flow through the Enterprise.**
    > Jeanette Bruno. Faciliating Knowledge Flow through the Enterprise. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 562-564. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502690)


- **Information Access in Implicit Culture Framework.**
    > Enrico Blanzieri, Paolo Giorgini, Paolo Massa, etc. Information Access in Implicit Culture Framework. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 565-567. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502691)


- **Real Time User Context Modeling for Information Retrieval Agents.**
    > Travis Bauer, David B. Leake. Real Time User Context Modeling for Information Retrieval Agents. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 568-570. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502693)


- **A Clustering Algorithm for Asymmetrically Related Data with Applications to Text Mining.**
    > K. Krishna, Raghu Krishnapuram. A Clustering Algorithm for Asymmetrically Related Data with Applications to Text Mining. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 571-573. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502694)


- **A Statistical Model for Scientific Readability.**
    > Luo Si, James P. Callan. A Statistical Model for Scientific Readability. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 574-576. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502695)


- **Discovering the Representative of a Search Engine.**
    > King-Lup Liu, Clement T. Yu, Weiyi Meng, etc. Discovering the Representative of a Search Engine. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 577-579. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502696)


- **Advances in Phonetic Word Spotting.**
    > Arnon Amir, Alon Efrat, Savitha Srinivasan. Advances in Phonetic Word Spotting. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 580-582. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502697)


- **Reorganizing Web Sites Based on User Access Patterns.**
    > Yongjian Fu, Mario Creado, Chunhua Ju. Reorganizing Web Sites Based on User Access Patterns. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 583-585. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502698)


- **A Domain Independent Environment for Creating Information Extraction Modules.**
    > Ronen Feldman, Yonatan Aumann, Yair Liberzon, etc. A Domain Independent Environment for Creating Information Extraction Modules. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 586-588. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502699)


- **Ordinal Association Rules for Error Identification in Data Sets.**
    > Andrian Marcus, Jonathan I. Maletic, King-Ip (David) Lin. Ordinal Association Rules for Error Identification in Data Sets. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 589-591. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502700)


- **XML, the WEB and Database Functionality?.**
    > Erich J. Neuhold. XML, the WEB and Database Functionality?. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 592. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502702)


- **What Can Researches Do to Improve Security of Data and Documents?.**
    > Arnon Rosenthal. What Can Researches Do to Improve Security of Data and Documents?. in Proceedings of the 2001 ACM CIKM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Atlanta, Georgia, USA, November 5-10, 2001(CIKM' 01). 593. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/502585.502703)
