
- **Search engine support for software applications.**
    > Jamie Callan. Search engine support for software applications. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1-2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871439)


- **Schema extraction.**
    > Divesh Srivastava. Schema extraction. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 3-4. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871440)


- **Use of semantics in real life applications.**
    > Gregory Grefenstette. Use of semantics in real life applications. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 5-6. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871441)


- **Temporal dynamics and information retrieval.**
    > Susan T. Dumais. Temporal dynamics and information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 7-8. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871442)


- **Components for information extraction: ontology-based information extractors and generic platforms.**
    > Daya C. Wimalasuriya, Dejing Dou. Components for information extraction: ontology-based information extractors and generic platforms. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 9-18. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871444)


- **Automatically acquiring a semantic network of related concepts.**
    > Sean R. Szumlanski, Fernando Gomez. Automatically acquiring a semantic network of related concepts. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 19-28. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871445)


- **Online annotation of text streams with structured entities.**
    > Ken Q. Pu, Oktie Hassanzadeh, Richard Drake, etc. Online annotation of text streams with structured entities. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 29-38. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871446)


- **Automatic extraction of web data records containing user-generated content.**
    > Xinying Song, Jing Liu, Yunbo Cao, etc. Automatic extraction of web data records containing user-generated content. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 39-48. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871447)


- **An efficient algorithm for mining time interval-based patterns in large database.**
    > Yi-Cheng Chen, Ji-Chiang Jiang, Wen-Chih Peng, etc. An efficient algorithm for mining time interval-based patterns in large database. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 49-58. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871448)


- **What can quantum theory bring to information retrieval.**
    > Benjamin Piwowarski, Ingo Frommholz, Mounia Lalmas, etc. What can quantum theory bring to information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 59-68. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871450)


- **Entity ranking using Wikipedia as a pivot.**
    > Rianne Kaptein, Pavel Serdyukov, Arjen P. de Vries, etc. Entity ranking using Wikipedia as a pivot. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 69-78. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871451)


- **Ranking under temporal constraints.**
    > Lidan Wang, Donald Metzler, Jimmy Lin. Ranking under temporal constraints. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 79-88. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871452)


- **Examining the information retrieval process from an inductive perspective.**
    > Ronan Cummins, Mounia Lalmas, Colm O&apos;Riordan. Examining the information retrieval process from an inductive perspective. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 89-98. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871453)


- **On identifying representative relevant documents.**
    > Fiana Raiber, Oren Kurland. On identifying representative relevant documents. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 99-108. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871454)


- **On the selectivity of multidimensional routing indices.**
    > Christos Doulkeridis, Akrivi Vlachou, Kjetil Nørvåg, etc. On the selectivity of multidimensional routing indices. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 109-118. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871456)


- **Path-hop: efficiently indexing large graphs for reachability queries.**
    > Jing Cai, Chung Keung Poon. Path-hop: efficiently indexing large graphs for reachability queries. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 119-128. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871457)


- **On wavelet decomposition of uncertain time series data sets.**
    > Yuchen Zhao, Charu C. Aggarwal, Philip S. Yu. On wavelet decomposition of uncertain time series data sets. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 129-138. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871458)


- **Efficient set-correlation operator inside databases.**
    > Shaoxu Song, Lei Chen. Efficient set-correlation operator inside databases. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 139-148. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871459)


- **Online update of b-trees.**
    > Marina Barsky, Alex Thomo, Zoltan Toth, etc. Online update of b-trees. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 149-158. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871460)


- **Wisdom of the ages: toward delivering the children&apos;s web with the link-based agerank algorithm.**
    > Karl Gyllstrom, Marie-Francine Moens. Wisdom of the ages: toward delivering the children&apos;s web with the link-based agerank algorithm. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 159-168. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871462)


- **A cross-lingual framework for monolingual biomedical information retrieval.**
    > Dolf Trieschnigg, Djoerd Hiemstra, Franciska de Jong, etc. A cross-lingual framework for monolingual biomedical information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 169-178. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871463)


- **Multi-modal multi-correlation person-centric news retrieval.**
    > Zechao Li, Jing Liu, Xiaobin Zhu, etc. Multi-modal multi-correlation person-centric news retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 179-188. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871464)


- **Bringing order to your photos: event-driven classification of flickr images based on social knowledge.**
    > Claudiu S. Firan, Mihai Georgescu, Wolfgang Nejdl, etc. Bringing order to your photos: event-driven classification of flickr images based on social knowledge. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 189-198. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871465)


- **Mining topic-level influence in heterogeneous networks.**
    > Lu Liu, Jie Tang, Jiawei Han, etc. Mining topic-level influence in heterogeneous networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 199-208. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871467)


- **Mining interesting link formation rules in social networks.**
    > Cane Wing-ki Leung, Ee-Peng Lim, David Lo, etc. Mining interesting link formation rules in social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 209-218. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871468)


- **SHRINK: a structural clustering algorithm for detecting hierarchical communities in networks.**
    > Jianbin Huang, Heli Sun, Jiawei Han, etc. SHRINK: a structural clustering algorithm for detecting hierarchical communities in networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 219-228. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871469)


- **Outcome aware ranking in interaction networks.**
    > Sampath Kameshwaran, Vinayaka Pandit, Sameep Mehta, etc. Outcome aware ranking in interaction networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 229-238. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871470)


- **Expansion and search in networks.**
    > Arun S. Maiya, Tanya Y. Berger-Wolf. Expansion and search in networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 239-248. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871471)


- **Improved latent concept expansion using hierarchical markov random fields.**
    > Hao Lang, Donald Metzler, Bin Wang, etc. Improved latent concept expansion using hierarchical markov random fields. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 249-258. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871473)


- **Term necessity prediction.**
    > Le Zhao, Jamie Callan. Term necessity prediction. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 259-268. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871474)


- **Decomposing background topics from keywords by principal component pursuit.**
    > Kerui Min, Zhengdong Zhang, John Wright, etc. Decomposing background topics from keywords by principal component pursuit. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 269-278. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871475)


- **Document update summarization using incremental hierarchical clustering.**
    > Dingding Wang, Tao Li. Document update summarization using incremental hierarchical clustering. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 279-288. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871476)


- **How about utilizing ordinal information from the distribution of unlabeled data.**
    > Mingjie Qian, Bo Chen, Hongzhi Xu, etc. How about utilizing ordinal information from the distribution of unlabeled data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 289-298. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871477)


- **Automatic schema merging using mapping constraints among incomplete sources.**
    > Xiang Li, Christoph Quix, David Kensche, etc. Automatic schema merging using mapping constraints among incomplete sources. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 299-308. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871479)


- **Preserving location and absence privacy in geo-social networks.**
    > Dario Freni, Carmen Ruiz Vicente, Sergio Mascetti, etc. Preserving location and absence privacy in geo-social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 309-318. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871480)


- **Preference query evaluation over expensive attributes.**
    > Justin J. Levandoski, Mohamed F. Mokbel, Mohamed E. Khalefa. Preference query evaluation over expensive attributes. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 319-328. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871481)


- **Energy-efficient top-k query processing in wireless sensor networks.**
    > Baichen Chen, Weifa Liang, Rui Zhou, etc. Energy-efficient top-k query processing in wireless sensor networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 329-338. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871482)


- **StableBuffer: optimizing write performance for DBMS applications on flash devices.**
    > Yu Li, Jianliang Xu, Byron Choi, etc. StableBuffer: optimizing write performance for DBMS applications on flash devices. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 339-348. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871483)


- **Mr.KNN: soft relevance for multi-label classification.**
    > Xiaotong Lin, Xue-wen Chen. Mr.KNN: soft relevance for multi-label classification. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 349-358. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871485)


- **Collaborative Dual-PLSA: mining distinction and commonality across multiple domains for text classification.**
    > Fuzhen Zhuang, Ping Luo, Zhiyong Shen, etc. Collaborative Dual-PLSA: mining distinction and commonality across multiple domains for text classification. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 359-368. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871486)


- **Inferring gender of movie reviewers: exploiting writing style, content and metadata.**
    > Jahna Otterbacher. Inferring gender of movie reviewers: exploiting writing style, content and metadata. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 369-378. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871487)


- **A robust semi-supervised classification method for transfer learning.**
    > Akinori Fujino, Naonori Ueda, Masaaki Nagata. A robust semi-supervised classification method for transfer learning. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 379-388. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871488)


- **Multi-view clustering with constraint propagation for learning with an incomplete mapping between views.**
    > Eric Eaton, Marie desJardins, Sara Jacob. Multi-view clustering with constraint propagation for learning with an incomplete mapping between views. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 389-398. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871489)


- **Pricing guaranteed contracts in online display advertising.**
    > Vijay Bharadwaj, Wenjing Ma, Michael Schwarz, etc. Pricing guaranteed contracts in online display advertising. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 399-408. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871491)


- **Maximum normalized spacing for efficient visual clustering.**
    > Zhi-Gang Fan, Yadong Wu, Bo Wu. Maximum normalized spacing for efficient visual clustering. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 409-418. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871492)


- **Multilevel manifold learning with application to spectral clustering.**
    > Haw-ren Fang, Sophia Sakellaridi, Yousef Saad. Multilevel manifold learning with application to spectral clustering. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 419-428. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871493)


- **Accelerating probabilistic frequent itemset mining: a model-based approach.**
    > Liang Wang, Reynold Cheng, Sau Dan Lee, etc. Accelerating probabilistic frequent itemset mining: a model-based approach. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 429-438. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871494)


- **Learning click models via probit bayesian inference.**
    > Yuchen Zhang, Dong Wang, Gang Wang, etc. Learning click models via probit bayesian inference. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 439-448. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871496)


- **Document allocation policies for selective searching of distributed indexes.**
    > Anagha Kulkarni, Jamie Callan. Document allocation policies for selective searching of distributed indexes. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 449-458. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871497)


- **Rank learning for factoid question answering with linguistic and semantic constraints.**
    > Matthew W. Bilotti, Jonathan L. Elsas, Jaime G. Carbonell, etc. Rank learning for factoid question answering with linguistic and semantic constraints. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 459-468. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871498)


- **Learning to rank relevant and novel documents through user feedback.**
    > Abhimanyu Lad, Yiming Yang. Learning to rank relevant and novel documents through user feedback. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 469-478. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871499)


- **Set cover algorithms for very large datasets.**
    > Graham Cormode, Howard J. Karloff, Anthony Wirth. Set cover algorithms for very large datasets. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 479-488. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871501)


- **The gist of everything new: personalized top-k processing over web 2.0 streams.**
    > Parisa Haghani, Sebastian Michel, Karl Aberer. The gist of everything new: personalized top-k processing over web 2.0 streams. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 489-498. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871502)


- **Fast and accurate estimation of shortest paths in large graphs.**
    > Andrey Gubichev, Srikanta J. Bedathur, Stephan Seufert, etc. Fast and accurate estimation of shortest paths in large graphs. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 499-508. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871503)


- **Fast top-k simple shortest paths discovery in graphs.**
    > Jun Gao, Huida Qiu, Xiao Jiang, etc. Fast top-k simple shortest paths discovery in graphs. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 509-518. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871504)


- **Factors affecting click-through behavior in aggregated search interfaces.**
    > Shanu Sushmita, Hideo Joho, Mounia Lalmas, etc. Factors affecting click-through behavior in aggregated search interfaces. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 519-528. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871506)


- **Web search solved?: all result rankings the same?**
    > Hugo Zaragoza, Berkant Barla Cambazoglu, Ricardo Baeza-Yates. Web search solved?: all result rankings the same? in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 529-538. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871507)


- **Assessor error in stratified evaluation.**
    > William Webber, Douglas W. Oard, Falk Scholer, etc. Assessor error in stratified evaluation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 539-548. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871508)


- **CiteData: a new multi-faceted dataset for evaluating personalized search performance.**
    > Abhay Harpale, Yiming Yang, Siddharth Gopal, etc. CiteData: a new multi-faceted dataset for evaluating personalized search performance. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 549-558. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871509)


- **Learning a user-thread alignment manifold for thread recommendation in online forum.**
    > Jun Zhao, Jiajun Bu, Chun Chen, etc. Learning a user-thread alignment manifold for thread recommendation in online forum. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 559-568. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871511)


- **FacetCube: a framework of incorporating prior knowledge into non-negative tensor factorization.**
    > Yun Chi, Shenghuo Zhu. FacetCube: a framework of incorporating prior knowledge into non-negative tensor factorization. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 569-578. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871512)


- **Travel route recommendation using geotags in photo sharing sites.**
    > Takeshi Kurashima, Tomoharu Iwata, Go Irie, etc. Travel route recommendation using geotags in photo sharing sites. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 579-588. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871513)


- **Boosting social network connectivity with link revival.**
    > Yuan Tian, Qi He, Qiankun Zhao, etc. Boosting social network connectivity with link revival. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 589-598. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871514)


- **Power in unity: forming teams in large-scale community systems.**
    > Aris Anagnostopoulos, Luca Becchetti, Carlos Castillo, etc. Power in unity: forming teams in large-scale community systems. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 599-608. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871515)


- **Who should I cite: learning literature search models from citation behavior.**
    > Steven Bethard, Dan Jurafsky. Who should I cite: learning literature search models from citation behavior. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 609-618. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871517)


- **A structured approach to query recommendation with social annotation data.**
    > Jiafeng Guo, Xueqi Cheng, Gu Xu, etc. A structured approach to query recommendation with social annotation data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 619-628. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871518)


- **Using the past to score the present: extending term weighting models through revision history analysis.**
    > Ablimit Aji, Yu Wang, Eugene Agichtein, etc. Using the past to score the present: extending term weighting models through revision history analysis. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 629-638. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871519)


- **Language pyramid and multi-scale text analysis.**
    > Shuang-Hong Yang, Hongyuan Zha. Language pyramid and multi-scale text analysis. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 639-648. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871520)


- **Latent interest-topic model: finding the causal relationships behind dyadic data.**
    > Noriaki Kawamae. Latent interest-topic model: finding the causal relationships behind dyadic data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 649-658. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871521)


- **PROSPECT: a system for screening candidates for recruitment.**
    > Amit Singh, Rose Catherine, Karthik Visweswariah, etc. PROSPECT: a system for screening candidates for recruitment. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 659-668. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871523)


- **Active caching for similarity queries based on shared-neighbor information.**
    > Michael E. Houle, Vincent Oria, Umar Qasim. Active caching for similarity queries based on shared-neighbor information. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 669-678. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871524)


- **Searching consumer image collections using web-based concept expansion.**
    > Mark D. Wood, Alexander C. Loui, Stacie Hibino. Searching consumer image collections using web-based concept expansion. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 679-688. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871525)


- **Index structures for efficiently searching natural language text.**
    > Pirooz Chubak, Davood Rafiei. Index structures for efficiently searching natural language text. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 689-698. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871527)


- **Efficient temporal keyword search over versioned text.**
    > Avishek Anand, Srikanta J. Bedathur, Klaus Berberich, etc. Efficient temporal keyword search over versioned text. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 699-708. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871528)


- **Result-size estimation for information-retrieval subqueries.**
    > Guido Sautter, Klemens Böhm, Andranik Khachatryan. Result-size estimation for information-retrieval subqueries. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 709-718. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871529)


- **FACeTOR: cost-driven exploration of faceted query results.**
    > Abhijith Kashyap, Vagelis Hristidis, Michalis Petropoulos. FACeTOR: cost-driven exploration of faceted query results. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 719-728. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871530)


- **A framework for evaluating database keyword search strategies.**
    > Joel Coffman, Alfred C. Weaver. A framework for evaluating database keyword search strategies. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 729-738. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871531)


- **Network growth and the spectral evolution model.**
    > Jérôme Kunegis, Damien Fay, Christian Bauckhage. Network growth and the spectral evolution model. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 739-748. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871533)


- **Automatic detection of craters in planetary images: an embedded framework using feature selection and boosting.**
    > Wei Ding, Tomasz F. Stepinski, Lourenço P. C. Bandeira, etc. Automatic detection of craters in planetary images: an embedded framework using feature selection and boosting. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 749-758. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871534)


- **You are where you tweet: a content-based approach to geo-locating twitter users.**
    > Zhiyuan Cheng, James Caverlee, Kyumin Lee. You are where you tweet: a content-based approach to geo-locating twitter users. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 759-768. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871535)


- **Partial drift detection using a rule induction framework.**
    > Damon Sotoudeh, Aijun An. Partial drift detection using a rule induction framework. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 769-778. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871536)


- **A method for discovering components of human rituals from streams of sensor data.**
    > Athanasios Bamis, Jia Fang, Andreas Savvides. A method for discovering components of human rituals from streams of sensor data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 779-788. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871537)


- **Two-tier similarity model for story link detection.**
    > Tadashi Nomoto. Two-tier similarity model for story link detection. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 789-798. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871539)


- **Selected new training documents to update user profile.**
    > Abdulmohsen Algarni, Yuefeng Li, Yue Xu. Selected new training documents to update user profile. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 799-808. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871540)


- **Collaborative filtering in social tagging systems based on joint item-tag recommendations.**
    > Jing Peng, Daniel Dajun Zeng, Huimin Zhao, etc. Collaborative filtering in social tagging systems based on joint item-tag recommendations. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 809-818. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871541)


- **Collaborative future event recommendation.**
    > Einat Minkov, Ben Charrow, Jonathan Ledlie, etc. Collaborative future event recommendation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 819-828. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871542)


- **Hybrid tag recommendation for social annotation systems.**
    > Jonathan Gemmell, Thomas Schimoler, Bamshad Mobasher, etc. Hybrid tag recommendation for social annotation systems. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 829-838. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871543)


- **XML schema computations: schema compatibility testing and subschema extraction.**
    > Thomas Yau-tat Lee, David Wai-Wok Cheung. XML schema computations: schema compatibility testing and subschema extraction. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 839-848. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871545)


- **Visual cube and on-line analytical processing of images.**
    > Xin Jin, Jiawei Han, Liangliang Cao, etc. Visual cube and on-line analytical processing of images. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 849-858. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871546)


- **Pattern discovery for large mixed-mode database.**
    > Andrew K. C. Wong, Bin Wu, Gene P. K. Wu, etc. Pattern discovery for large mixed-mode database. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 859-868. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871547)


- **Constructing classification features using minimal predictive patterns.**
    > Iyad Batal, Milos Hauskrecht. Constructing classification features using minimal predictive patterns. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 869-878. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871549)


- **RankSVR: can preference data help regression?**
    > Hwanjo Yu, Sungchul Kim, Seung-Hoon Na. RankSVR: can preference data help regression? in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 879-888. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871550)


- **Estimating accuracy for text classification tasks on large unlabeled data.**
    > Snigdha Chaturvedi, Tanveer A. Faruquie, L. Venkata Subramaniam, etc. Estimating accuracy for text classification tasks on large unlabeled data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 889-898. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871551)


- **A probabilistic topic-connection model for automatic image annotation.**
    > Xin Chen, Xiaohua Hu, Zhongna Zhou, etc. A probabilistic topic-connection model for automatic image annotation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 899-908. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871552)


- **Orientation distance-based discriminative feature extraction for multi-class classification.**
    > Bo Liu, Yanshan Xiao, Longbing Cao, etc. Orientation distance-based discriminative feature extraction for multi-class classification. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 909-918. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871553)


- **Evaluating, combining and generalizing recommendations with prerequisites.**
    > Aditya G. Parameswaran, Hector Garcia-Molina, Jeffrey D. Ullman. Evaluating, combining and generalizing recommendations with prerequisites. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 919-928. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871555)


- **Automatically suggesting topics for augmenting text documents.**
    > Robert West, Doina Precup, Joelle Pineau. Automatically suggesting topics for augmenting text documents. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 929-938. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871556)


- **Detecting product review spammers using rating behaviors.**
    > Ee-Peng Lim, Viet-An Nguyen, Nitin Jindal, etc. Detecting product review spammers using rating behaviors. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 939-948. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871557)


- **Classical music for rock fans?: novel recommendations for expanding user interests.**
    > Makoto Nakatsuji, Yasuhiro Fujiwara, Akimichi Tanaka, etc. Classical music for rock fans?: novel recommendations for expanding user interests. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 949-958. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871558)


- **Improving one-class collaborative filtering by incorporating rich user information.**
    > Yanen Li, Jia Hu, ChengXiang Zhai, etc. Improving one-class collaborative filtering by incorporating rich user information. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 959-968. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871559)


- **Personalized search by tag-based user profile and resource profile in collaborative tagging systems.**
    > Yi Cai, Qing Li. Personalized search by tag-based user profile and resource profile in collaborative tagging systems. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 969-978. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871561)


- **A comparison of user and system query performance predictions.**
    > Claudia Hauff, Diane Kelly, Leif Azzopardi. A comparison of user and system query performance predictions. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 979-988. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871562)


- **The anatomy of a click: modeling user behavior on web information systems.**
    > Kunal Punera, Srujana Merugu. The anatomy of a click: modeling user behavior on web information systems. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 989-998. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871563)


- **Exploring online social activities for adaptive search personalization.**
    > Qihua Wang, Hongxia Jin. Exploring online social activities for adaptive search personalization. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 999-1008. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871564)


- **Predicting short-term interests using activity-based search context.**
    > Ryen W. White, Paul N. Bennett, Susan T. Dumais. Predicting short-term interests using activity-based search context. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1009-1018. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871565)


- **Probabilistic first pass retrieval for search advertising: from theory to practice.**
    > Hema Raghavan, Rukmini Iyer. Probabilistic first pass retrieval for search advertising: from theory to practice. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1019-1028. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871567)


- **Faceted search and browsing of audio content on spoken web.**
    > Mamadou Diao, Sougata Mukherjea, Nitendra Rajput, etc. Faceted search and browsing of audio content on spoken web. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1029-1038. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871568)


- **Predicting product adoption in large-scale social networks.**
    > Rushi Bhatt, Vineet Chaoji, Rajesh Parekh. Predicting product adoption in large-scale social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1039-1048. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871569)


- **Reverted indexing for feedback and expansion.**
    > Jeremy Pickens, Matthew Cooper, Gene Golovchinsky. Reverted indexing for feedback and expansion. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1049-1058. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871571)


- **Improving verbose queries using subset distribution.**
    > Xiaobing Xue, Samuel J. Huston, W. Bruce Croft. Improving verbose queries using subset distribution. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1059-1068. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871572)


- **A unified optimization framework for robust pseudo-relevance feedback algorithms.**
    > Joshua V. Dillon, Kevyn Collins-Thompson. A unified optimization framework for robust pseudo-relevance feedback algorithms. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1069-1078. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871573)


- **Ranking related entities: components and analyses.**
    > Marc Bron, Krisztian Balog, Maarten de Rijke. Ranking related entities: components and analyses. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1079-1088. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871574)


- **Semantic tags generation and retrieval for online advertising.**
    > Roberto Mirizzi, Azzurra Ragone, Tommaso Di Noia, etc. Semantic tags generation and retrieval for online advertising. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1089-1098. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871576)


- **MENTA: inducing multilingual taxonomies from wikipedia.**
    > Gerard de Melo, Gerhard Weikum. MENTA: inducing multilingual taxonomies from wikipedia. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1099-1108. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871577)


- **Ontology emergence from folksonomies.**
    > Kaipeng Liu, Binxing Fang, Weizhe Zhang. Ontology emergence from folksonomies. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1109-1118. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871578)


- **Multi-document topic segmentation.**
    > Minwoo Jeong, Ivan Titov. Multi-document topic segmentation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1119-1128. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871579)


- **Meta-metadata: a metadata semantics language for collection representation applications.**
    > Andruid Kerne, Yin Qu, Andrew M. Webb, etc. Meta-metadata: a metadata semantics language for collection representation applications. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1129-1138. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871580)


- **Clickthrough-based translation models for web search: from word models to phrase models.**
    > Jianfeng Gao, Xiaodong He, Jian-Yun Nie. Clickthrough-based translation models for web search: from word models to phrase models. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1139-1148. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871582)


- **Temporal query log profiling to improve web search ranking.**
    > Alexander Kotov, Pranam Kolari, Lei Duan, etc. Temporal query log profiling to improve web search ranking. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1149-1158. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871583)


- **Improving web search relevance and freshness with content previews.**
    > Siva Gurumurthy, Hang Su, Vasileios Kandylas, etc. Improving web search relevance and freshness with content previews. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1159-1168. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871584)


- **Organizing query completions for web search.**
    > Alpa Jain, Gilad Mishne. Organizing query completions for web search. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1169-1178. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871585)


- **Selectively diversifying web search results.**
    > Rodrygo L. T. Santos, Craig Macdonald, Iadh Ounis. Selectively diversifying web search results. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1179-1188. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871586)


- **Building re-usable dictionary repositories for real-world text mining.**
    > Shantanu Godbole, Indrajit Bhattacharya, Ajay Gupta, etc. Building re-usable dictionary repositories for real-world text mining. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1189-1198. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871588)


- **OpinionIt: a text mining system for cross-lingual opinion analysis.**
    > Honglei Guo, Huijia Zhu, Zhili Guo, etc. OpinionIt: a text mining system for cross-lingual opinion analysis. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1199-1208. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871589)


- **Hierarchical service analytics for improving productivity in an enterprise service center.**
    > Chunye Wang, Ram Akella, Srikant Ramachandran. Hierarchical service analytics for improving productivity in an enterprise service center. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1209-1218. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871590)


- **VSEncoding: efficient coding and fast decoding of integer lists via dynamic programming.**
    > Fabrizio Silvestri, Rossano Venturini. VSEncoding: efficient coding and fast decoding of integer lists via dynamic programming. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1219-1228. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871592)


- **Efficient term proximity search with term-pair indexes.**
    > Hao Yan, Shuming Shi, Fan Zhang, etc. Efficient term proximity search with term-pair indexes. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1229-1238. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871593)


- **Improved index compression techniques for versioned document collections.**
    > Jinru He, Junyuan Zeng, Torsten Suel. Improved index compression techniques for versioned document collections. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1239-1248. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871594)


- **Building efficient multi-threaded search nodes.**
    > Carolina Bonacic, Carlos García, Mauricio Marín, etc. Building efficient multi-threaded search nodes. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1249-1258. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871595)


- **Real-time memory efficient data redundancy removal algorithm.**
    > Vikas K. Garg, Ankur Narang, Souvik Bhattacherjee. Real-time memory efficient data redundancy removal algorithm. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1259-1268. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871596)


- **Search-log anonymization and advertisement: are they mutually exclusive?**
    > Thorben Burghardt, Klemens Böhm, Achim Guttmann, etc. Search-log anonymization and advertisement: are they mutually exclusive? in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1269-1272. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871598)


- **Automated interaction in social networks with datalog.**
    > Royi Ronen, Oded Shmueli. Automated interaction in social networks with datalog. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1273-1276. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871599)


- **Towards a provenance framework for sub-image processing for astronomical data.**
    > Johnson Mwebaze, John McFarland, Danny Booxhorn, etc. Towards a provenance framework for sub-image processing for astronomical data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1277-1280. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871600)


- **Open user schema guided evaluation of streaming RDF queries.**
    > Zhihong Chong, Guilin Qi, Hu Shu, etc. Open user schema guided evaluation of streaming RDF queries. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1281-1284. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871601)


- **SUMMA: subgraph matching in massive graphs.**
    > Shijie Zhang, Shirong Li, Jiong Yang. SUMMA: subgraph matching in massive graphs. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1285-1288. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871602)


- **Automatically weighting tags in XML collection.**
    > Dexi Liu, Changxuan Wan, Lei Chen, etc. Automatically weighting tags in XML collection. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1289-1292. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871603)


- **Skyline query processing for uncertain data.**
    > Mohamed E. Khalefa, Mohamed F. Mokbel, Justin J. Levandoski. Skyline query processing for uncertain data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1293-1296. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871604)


- **FD-buffer: a buffer manager for databases on flash disks.**
    > Sai Tung On, Yinan Li, Bingsheng He, etc. FD-buffer: a buffer manager for databases on flash disks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1297-1300. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871605)


- **Efficiently querying archived data using Hadoop.**
    > Rajeev Gupta, Himanshu Gupta, Ullas Nambiar, etc. Efficiently querying archived data using Hadoop. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1301-1304. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871606)


- **Evaluation of top-k queries in peer-to-peer networks using threshold algorithms.**
    > Ioannis Chrysakis, Constantinos Chalkidis, Dimitris Plexousakis. Evaluation of top-k queries in peer-to-peer networks using threshold algorithms. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1305-1308. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871607)


- **A metamodel approach to flexible semantic web service discovery.**
    > Roberto De Virgilio, Devis Bianchini. A metamodel approach to flexible semantic web service discovery. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1309-1312. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871608)


- **On top-k social web search.**
    > Peifeng Yin, Wang-Chien Lee, Ken C. K. Lee. On top-k social web search. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1313-1316. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871609)


- **Quantifying uncertainty in multi-dimensional cardinality estimations.**
    > Andranik Khachatryan, Klemens Böhm. Quantifying uncertainty in multi-dimensional cardinality estimations. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1317-1320. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871610)


- **Approximate membership localization (AML) for web-based join.**
    > Zhixu Li, Laurianne Sitbon, Liwei Wang, etc. Approximate membership localization (AML) for web-based join. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1321-1324. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871611)


- **An efficient data-centric storage scheme considering storage and query hot-spots in sensor networks.**
    > Yonghun Park, Dongmin Seo, Jonghyeon Yun, etc. An efficient data-centric storage scheme considering storage and query hot-spots in sensor networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1325-1328. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871612)


- **Formal approach and automated tool for constructing ontology from object-oriented database model.**
    > Fu Zhang, Zong Min Ma, Xing Wang, etc. Formal approach and automated tool for constructing ontology from object-oriented database model. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1329-1332. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871613)


- **(k, P)-anonymity: towards pattern-preserving anonymity of time-series data.**
    > Xuan Shang, Ke Chen, Lidan Shou, etc. (k, P)-anonymity: towards pattern-preserving anonymity of time-series data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1333-1336. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871614)


- **Concurrent atomic protocols for making and changing decisions in social networks.**
    > Royi Ronen, Oded Shmueli. Concurrent atomic protocols for making and changing decisions in social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1337-1340. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871615)


- **Extending dictionary-based entity extraction to tolerate errors.**
    > Guoliang Li, Dong Deng, Jianhua Feng. Extending dictionary-based entity extraction to tolerate errors. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1341-1344. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871616)


- **Yet another write-optimized DBMS layer for flash-based solid state storage.**
    > Hongchan Roh, Daewook Lee, Sanghyun Park. Yet another write-optimized DBMS layer for flash-based solid state storage. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1345-1348. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871617)


- **Print: a provenance model to support integration processes.**
    > Bruno Tomazela, Carmem S. Hara, Ricardo Rodrigues Ciferri, etc. Print: a provenance model to support integration processes. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1349-1352. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871618)


- **OLAP-based query recommendation.**
    > Carlos Garcia-Alvarado, Zhibo Chen, Carlos Ordonez. OLAP-based query recommendation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1353-1356. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871619)


- **Selective data acquisition for probabilistic K-NN query.**
    > Yu-Chieh Lin, De-Nian Yang, Ming-Syan Chen. Selective data acquisition for probabilistic K-NN query. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1357-1360. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871620)


- **Support elements in graph structured schema reintegration.**
    > Xun Sun, Rachel Pottinger, Michael K. Lawrence. Support elements in graph structured schema reintegration. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1361-1364. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871621)


- **BP-tree: an efficient index for similarity search in high-dimensional metric spaces.**
    > Jurandy Almeida, Ricardo da Silva Torres, Neucimar Jerônimo Leite. BP-tree: an efficient index for similarity search in high-dimensional metric spaces. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1365-1368. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871622)


- **Query optimization for ontology-based information integration.**
    > Yingjie Li, Jeff Heflin. Query optimization for ontology-based information integration. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1369-1372. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871623)


- **Data aspects in a relational database.**
    > Curtis E. Dyreson, Omar U. Florez. Data aspects in a relational database. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1373-1376. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871624)


- **A hierarchical approach to reachability query answering in very large graph databases.**
    > Saikat K. Dey, Hasan M. Jamil. A hierarchical approach to reachability query answering in very large graph databases. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1377-1380. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871625)


- **Computing the top-k maximal answers in a join of ranked lists.**
    > Mirit Shalem, Yaron Kanza. Computing the top-k maximal answers in a join of ranked lists. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1381-1384. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871626)


- **PruSM: a prudent schema matching approach for web forms.**
    > Thanh Hoang Nguyen, Hoa Nguyen, Juliana Freire. PruSM: a prudent schema matching approach for web forms. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1385-1388. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871627)


- **Anonymizing data with quasi-sensitive attribute values.**
    > Pu Shi, Li Xiong, Benjamin C. M. Fung. Anonymizing data with quasi-sensitive attribute values. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1389-1392. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871628)


- **Exploiting site-level information to improve web search.**
    > Andrei Z. Broder, Evgeniy Gabrilovich, Vanja Josifovski, etc. Exploiting site-level information to improve web search. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1393-1396. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871630)


- **Exploration-exploitation tradeoff in interactive relevance feedback.**
    > Maryam Karimzadehgan, ChengXiang Zhai. Exploration-exploitation tradeoff in interactive relevance feedback. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1397-1400. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871631)


- **Ranking social bookmarks using topic models.**
    > Morgan Harvey, Ian Ruthven, Mark James Carman. Ranking social bookmarks using topic models. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1401-1404. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871632)


- **A fine-grained taxonomy of tables on the web.**
    > Eric Crestan, Patrick Pantel. A fine-grained taxonomy of tables on the web. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1405-1408. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871633)


- **Challenges in personalized authority flow based ranking of social media.**
    > Hassan Sayyadi, John Edmonds, Vagelis Hristidis, etc. Challenges in personalized authority flow based ranking of social media. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1409-1412. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871634)


- **A new mathematics retrieval system.**
    > Shahab Kamali, Frank Wm. Tompa. A new mathematics retrieval system. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1413-1416. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871635)


- **Explore click models for search ranking.**
    > Dong Wang, Weizhu Chen, Gang Wang, etc. Explore click models for search ranking. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1417-1420. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871636)


- **Generating advertising keywords from video content.**
    > Michael J. Welch, Junghoo Cho, Walter Chang. Generating advertising keywords from video content. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1421-1424. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871637)


- **Web page classification on child suitability.**
    > Carsten Eickhoff, Pavel Serdyukov, Arjen P. de Vries. Web page classification on child suitability. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1425-1428. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871638)


- **Rough sets based reasoning and pattern mining for a two-stage information filtering system.**
    > Xujuan Zhou, Yuefeng Li, Peter Bruza, etc. Rough sets based reasoning and pattern mining for a two-stage information filtering system. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1429-1432. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871639)


- **A late fusion approach to cross-lingual document re-ranking.**
    > Dong Zhou, Séamus Lawless, Jinming Min, etc. A late fusion approach to cross-lingual document re-ranking. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1433-1436. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871640)


- **Learning to generate summary as structured output.**
    > Hiroya Takamura, Manabu Okumura. Learning to generate summary as structured output. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1437-1440. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871641)


- **Group ranking with application to image retrieval.**
    > Ou Wu, Weiming Hu, Bing Li. Group ranking with application to image retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1441-1444. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871642)


- **Unifying explicit and implicit feedback for collaborative filtering.**
    > Nathan Nan Liu, Evan Wei Xiang, Min Zhao, etc. Unifying explicit and implicit feedback for collaborative filtering. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1445-1448. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871643)


- **Directly optimizing evaluation measures in learning to rank based on the clonal selection algorithm.**
    > Qiang He, Jun Ma, Shuaiqiang Wang. Directly optimizing evaluation measures in learning to rank based on the clonal selection algorithm. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1449-1452. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871644)


- **Query model refinement using word graphs.**
    > Yunping Huang, Le Sun, Jian-Yun Nie. Query model refinement using word graphs. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1453-1456. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871645)


- **Building recommendation systems using peer-to-peer shared content.**
    > Yuval Shavitt, Ela Weinsberg, Udi Weinsberg. Building recommendation systems using peer-to-peer shared content. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1457-1460. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871646)


- **Threshold behavior of incentives in social networks.**
    > Nagaraj Kota, Y. Narahari. Threshold behavior of incentives in social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1461-1464. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871647)


- **Image retrieval at memory&apos;s edge: known image search based on user-drawn sketches.**
    > Michael Springmann, Ihab Al Kabary, Heiko Schuldt. Image retrieval at memory&apos;s edge: known image search based on user-drawn sketches. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1465-1468. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871648)


- **Utilizing re-finding for personalized information retrieval.**
    > Sarah K. Tyler, Jian Wang, Yi Zhang. Utilizing re-finding for personalized information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1469-1472. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871649)


- **User behavior driven ranking without editorial judgments.**
    > Taesup Moon, Georges Dupret, Shihao Ji, etc. User behavior driven ranking without editorial judgments. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1473-1476. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871650)


- **Alignment of short length parallel corpora with an application to web search.**
    > Jitendra Ajmera, Hema Swetha Koppula, Krishna P. Leela, etc. Alignment of short length parallel corpora with an application to web search. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1477-1480. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871651)


- **A feature-word-topic model for image annotation.**
    > Cam-Tu Nguyen, Natsuda Kaothanthong, Xuan Hieu Phan, etc. A feature-word-topic model for image annotation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1481-1484. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871652)


- **Weighting common syntactic structures for natural language based information retrieval.**
    > Chang Liu, Hui Wang, Sally I. McClean, etc. Weighting common syntactic structures for natural language based information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1485-1488. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871653)


- **Ranking with auxiliary data.**
    > Bo Long, Yi Chang, Srinivas Vadrevu, etc. Ranking with auxiliary data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1489-1492. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871654)


- **Using various term dependencies according to their utilities.**
    > Lixin Shi, Jian-Yun Nie. Using various term dependencies according to their utilities. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1493-1496. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871655)


- **Modeling reformulation using passage analysis.**
    > Xiaobing Xue, W. Bruce Croft, David A. Smith. Modeling reformulation using passage analysis. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1497-1500. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871656)


- **Online learning for recency search ranking using real-time user feedback.**
    > Taesup Moon, Lihong Li, Wei Chu, etc. Online learning for recency search ranking using real-time user feedback. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1501-1504. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871657)


- **Expert identification in community question answering: exploring question selection bias.**
    > Aditya Pal, Joseph A. Konstan. Expert identification in community question answering: exploring question selection bias. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1505-1508. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871658)


- **On the relationship between novelty and popularity of user-generated content.**
    > David Carmel, Haggai Roitman, Elad Yom-Tov. On the relationship between novelty and popularity of user-generated content. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1509-1512. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871659)


- **Focused crawling using navigational rank.**
    > Shicong Feng, Li Zhang, Yuhong Xiong, etc. Focused crawling using navigational rank. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1513-1516. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871660)


- **TAER: time-aware entity retrieval-exploiting the past to find relevant entities in news articles.**
    > Gianluca Demartini, Malik Muhammad Saad Missen, Roi Blanco, etc. TAER: time-aware entity retrieval-exploiting the past to find relevant entities in news articles. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1517-1520. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871661)


- **Demographic information flows.**
    > Ingmar Weber, Alejandro Jaimes. Demographic information flows. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1521-1524. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871662)


- **Detecting periodic changes in search intentions in a search engine.**
    > Masaya Murata, Hiroyuki Toda, Yumiko Matsuura, etc. Detecting periodic changes in search intentions in a search engine. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1525-1528. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871663)


- **Recommendation based on object typicality.**
    > Yi Cai, Ho-fung Leung, Qing Li, etc. Recommendation based on object typicality. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1529-1532. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871664)


- **Selecting keywords for content based recommendation.**
    > Christian Wartena, Wout Slakhorst, Martin Wibbels. Selecting keywords for content based recommendation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1533-1536. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871665)


- **Structural annotation of search queries using pseudo-relevance feedback.**
    > Michael Bendersky, W. Bruce Croft, David A. Smith. Structural annotation of search queries using pseudo-relevance feedback. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1537-1540. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871666)


- **Search as if you were in your home town: geographic search by regional context and dynamic feature-space selection.**
    > Makoto P. Kato, Hiroaki Ohshima, Satoshi Oyama, etc. Search as if you were in your home town: geographic search by regional context and dynamic feature-space selection. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1541-1544. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871667)


- **Topic aspect analysis for multi-document summarization.**
    > Chao Shen, Dingding Wang, Tao Li. Topic aspect analysis for multi-document summarization. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1545-1548. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871668)


- **Finding unusual review patterns using unexpected rules.**
    > Nitin Jindal, Bing Liu, Ee-Peng Lim. Finding unusual review patterns using unexpected rules. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1549-1552. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871669)


- **Visual-semantic graphs: using queries to reduce the semantic gap in web image retrieval.**
    > Barbara Poblete, Benjamin Bustos, Marcelo Mendoza, etc. Visual-semantic graphs: using queries to reduce the semantic gap in web image retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1553-1556. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871670)


- **Novel local features with hybrid sampling technique for image retrieval.**
    > Leszek Kaliciak, Dawei Song, Nirmalie Wiratunga, etc. Novel local features with hybrid sampling technique for image retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1557-1560. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871671)


- **Expected browsing utility for web search evaluation.**
    > Emine Yilmaz, Milad Shokouhi, Nick Craswell, etc. Expected browsing utility for web search evaluation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1561-1564. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871672)


- **Community-based topic modeling for social tagging.**
    > Daifeng Li, Bing He, Ying Ding, etc. Community-based topic modeling for social tagging. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1565-1568. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871673)


- **Discriminative factored prior models for personalized content-based recommendation.**
    > Lanbo Zhang, Yi Zhang. Discriminative factored prior models for personalized content-based recommendation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1569-1572. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871674)


- **Fast query expansion using approximations of relevance models.**
    > Marc-Allen Cartright, James Allan, Victor Lavrenko, etc. Fast query expansion using approximations of relevance models. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1573-1576. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871675)


- **Mining rules to explain activities in videos.**
    > Omar U. Florez, Curtis E. Dyreson. Mining rules to explain activities in videos. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1577-1580. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871676)


- **Online stratified sampling: evaluating classifiers at web-scale.**
    > Paul N. Bennett, Vitor R. Carvalho. Online stratified sampling: evaluating classifiers at web-scale. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1581-1584. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871677)


- **Routing questions to appropriate answerers in community question answering services.**
    > Baichuan Li, Irwin King. Routing questions to appropriate answerers in community question answering services. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1585-1588. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871678)


- **Learning to rank with groups.**
    > Yuan Lin, Hongfei Lin, Zheng Ye, etc. Learning to rank with groups. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1589-1592. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871679)


- **Optimizing unified loss for web ranking specialization.**
    > Fan Li, Xin Li, Jiang Bian, etc. Optimizing unified loss for web ranking specialization. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1593-1596. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871680)


- **Hypergraph-based multilevel matrix approximation for text information retrieval.**
    > Haw-ren Fang, Yousef Saad. Hypergraph-based multilevel matrix approximation for text information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1597-1600. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871681)


- **A peer-selection algorithm for information retrieval.**
    > Yosi Mass, Yehoshua Sagiv, Michal Shmueli-Scheuer. A peer-selection algorithm for information retrieval. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1601-1604. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871682)


- **Exploring domain-specific term weight in archived question search.**
    > Zhaoyan Ming, Tat-Seng Chua, Gao Cong. Exploring domain-specific term weight in archived question search. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1605-1608. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871683)


- **Multi-information fusion for uncertain semantic representations of videos.**
    > Bo Lu, Guoren Wang, Xiaofeng Gong. Multi-information fusion for uncertain semantic representations of videos. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1609-1612. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871684)


- **A topical link model for community discovery in textual interaction graph.**
    > Guoqing Zheng, Jinwen Guo, Lichun Yang, etc. A topical link model for community discovery in textual interaction graph. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1613-1616. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871686)


- **Taxonomic clustering of web service for efficient discovery.**
    > Sourish Dasgupta, Satish Bhat, Yugyung Lee. Taxonomic clustering of web service for efficient discovery. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1617-1620. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871687)


- **Active learning in parallel universes.**
    > Nicolas Cebron, Michael R. Berthold. Active learning in parallel universes. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1621-1624. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871688)


- **TAGME: on-the-fly annotation of short text fragments (by wikipedia entities).**
    > Paolo Ferragina, Ugo Scaiella. TAGME: on-the-fly annotation of short text fragments (by wikipedia entities). in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1625-1628. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871689)


- **Adaptive outlierness for subspace outlier ranking.**
    > Emmanuel Müller, Matthias Schiffer, Thomas Seidl. Adaptive outlierness for subspace outlier ranking. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1629-1632. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871690)


- **Understanding retweeting behaviors in social networks.**
    > Zi Yang, Jingyi Guo, Keke Cai, etc. Understanding retweeting behaviors in social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1633-1636. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871691)


- **Mapping web pages to database records via link paths.**
    > Tim Weninger, Fabio Fumarola, Jiawei Han, etc. Mapping web pages to database records via link paths. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1637-1640. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871692)


- **Personalized recommender system based on item taxonomy and folksonomy.**
    > Huizhi Liang, Yue Xu, Yuefeng Li, etc. Personalized recommender system based on item taxonomy and folksonomy. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1641-1644. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871693)


- **Communication motifs: a tool to characterize social communications.**
    > Qiankun Zhao, Yuan Tian, Qi He, etc. Communication motifs: a tool to characterize social communications. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1645-1648. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871694)


- **Improving taxonomies for large-scale hierarchical classifiers of web documents.**
    > Kiyoshi Nitta. Improving taxonomies for large-scale hierarchical classifiers of web documents. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1649-1652. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871695)


- **PTM: probabilistic topic mapping model for mining parallel document collections.**
    > Duo Zhang, Jimeng Sun, ChengXiang Zhai, etc. PTM: probabilistic topic mapping model for mining parallel document collections. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1653-1656. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871696)


- **Hierarchical auto-tagging: organizing Q&amp;A knowledge for everyone.**
    > Kyosuke Nishida, Ko Fujimura. Hierarchical auto-tagging: organizing Q&amp;A knowledge for everyone. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1657-1660. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871697)


- **Extracting structured information from Wikipedia articles to populate infoboxes.**
    > Dustin Lange, Christoph Böhm, Felix Naumann. Extracting structured information from Wikipedia articles to populate infoboxes. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1661-1664. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871698)


- **Automatic metadata extraction from multilingual enterprise content.**
    > Melike Sah, Vincent Wade. Automatic metadata extraction from multilingual enterprise content. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1665-1668. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871699)


- **Intelligent sales forecasting engine using genetic algorithms.**
    > M. Vijayalakshmi, Bernard Menezes, Rohit Menon, etc. Intelligent sales forecasting engine using genetic algorithms. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1669-1672. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871700)


- **Identifying new categories in community question answering archives: a topic modeling approach.**
    > Yajie Miao, Chunping Li, Jie Tang, etc. Identifying new categories in community question answering archives: a topic modeling approach. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1673-1676. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871701)


- **An effective approach for mining mobile user habits.**
    > Huanhuan Cao, Tengfei Bao, Qiang Yang, etc. An effective approach for mining mobile user habits. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1677-1680. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871702)


- **Mining networks with shared items.**
    > Jun Sese, Mio Seki, Mutsumi Fukuzaki. Mining networks with shared items. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1681-1684. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871703)


- **Learning sentiment classification model from labeled features.**
    > Yulan He. Learning sentiment classification model from labeled features. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1685-1688. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871704)


- **Embedding tolerance relations in formal concept analysis: an application in information fusion.**
    > Mehdi Kaytoue, Zainab Assaghir, Amedeo Napoli, etc. Embedding tolerance relations in formal concept analysis: an application in information fusion. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1689-1692. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871705)


- **Online learning for multi-task feature selection.**
    > Haiqin Yang, Irwin King, Michael R. Lyu. Online learning for multi-task feature selection. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1693-1696. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871706)


- **Exploiting user interests for collaborative filtering: interests expansion via personalized ranking.**
    > Qi Liu, Enhong Chen, Hui Xiong, etc. Exploiting user interests for collaborative filtering: interests expansion via personalized ranking. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1697-1700. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871707)


- **K-farthest-neighbors-based concept boundary determination for support vector data description.**
    > Yanshan Xiao, Bo Liu, Longbing Cao. K-farthest-neighbors-based concept boundary determination for support vector data description. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1701-1704. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871708)


- **Relational feature engineering of natural language processing.**
    > Hamidreza Kobdani, Hinrich Schütze, Andre Burkovski, etc. Relational feature engineering of natural language processing. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1705-1708. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871709)


- **Transfer incremental learning for pattern classification.**
    > Zhenfeng Zhu, Xingquan Zhu, Yue-Fei Guo, etc. Transfer incremental learning for pattern classification. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1709-1712. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871710)


- **Learning ontology resolution for document representation and its applications in text mining.**
    > Lidong Bing, Bai Sun, Shan Jiang, etc. Learning ontology resolution for document representation and its applications in text mining. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1713-1716. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871711)


- **Supervised identification and linking of concept mentions to a domain-specific ontology.**
    > Gabor Melli, Martin Ester. Supervised identification and linking of concept mentions to a domain-specific ontology. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1717-1720. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871712)


- **Relevance-index size tradeoff in contextual advertising.**
    > Pavan Kumar GM, Krishna P. Leela, Mehul Parsana, etc. Relevance-index size tradeoff in contextual advertising. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1721-1724. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871713)


- **CasJoin: a cascade chain for text similarity joins.**
    > Xiaoxun Zhang, Zhili Guo, Honglei Guo, etc. CasJoin: a cascade chain for text similarity joins. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1725-1728. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871714)


- **Learning naïve bayes transfer classifier throughclass-wise test distribution estimation.**
    > Jeong Woo Son, Seong-Bae Park, Hyun-Je Song. Learning naïve bayes transfer classifier throughclass-wise test distribution estimation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1729-1732. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871715)


- **Top-Eye: top-k evolving trajectory outlier detection.**
    > Yong Ge, Hui Xiong, Zhi-Hua Zhou, etc. Top-Eye: top-k evolving trajectory outlier detection. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1733-1736. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871716)


- **Multi task learning on multiple related networks.**
    > Prakash Mandayam Comar, Pang-Ning Tan, Anil Kumar Jain. Multi task learning on multiple related networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1737-1740. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871717)


- **Building a semantic representation for personal information.**
    > Jin Young Kim, Anton Bakalov, David A. Smith, etc. Building a semantic representation for personal information. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1741-1744. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871718)


- **Affinity-driven prediction and ranking of products in online product review sites.**
    > Hui Li, Sourav S. Bhowmick, Aixin Sun. Affinity-driven prediction and ranking of products in online product review sites. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1745-1748. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871719)


- **Topic-driven web search result organization by leveraging wikipedia semantic knowledge.**
    > Xianpei Han, Jun Zhao. Topic-driven web search result organization by leveraging wikipedia semantic knowledge. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1749-1752. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871720)


- **Fast dimension reduction for document classification based on imprecise spectrum analysis.**
    > Hu Guan, Bin Xiao, Jingyu Zhou, etc. Fast dimension reduction for document classification based on imprecise spectrum analysis. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1753-1756. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871721)


- **Manifold ranking with sink points for update summarization.**
    > Pan Du, Jiafeng Guo, Jin Zhang, etc. Manifold ranking with sink points for update summarization. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1757-1760. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871722)


- **Construction of a sentimental word dictionary.**
    > Eduard C. Dragut, Clement T. Yu, A. Prasad Sistla, etc. Construction of a sentimental word dictionary. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1761-1764. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871723)


- **Exploiting novelty, coverage and balance for topic-focused multi-document summarization.**
    > Xuan Li, Yi-Dong Shen, Liang Du, etc. Exploiting novelty, coverage and balance for topic-focused multi-document summarization. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1765-1768. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871724)


- **Context modeling for ranking and tagging bursty features in text streams.**
    > Wayne Xin Zhao, Jing Jiang, Jing He, etc. Context modeling for ranking and tagging bursty features in text streams. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1769-1772. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871725)


- **Comparison of six aggregation strategies to compute users&apos; trustworthiness.**
    > Pierpaolo Dondio, Stephen Barrett. Comparison of six aggregation strategies to compute users&apos; trustworthiness. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1773-1776. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871726)


- **Visualization and clustering of crowd video content in MPCA subspace.**
    > Haiping Lu, How-Lung Eng, Myo Thida, etc. Visualization and clustering of crowd video content in MPCA subspace. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1777-1780. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871727)


- **ANITA: a narrative interpretation of taxonomies for their adaptation to text collections.**
    > Mario Cataldi, K. Selçuk Candan, Maria Luisa Sapino. ANITA: a narrative interpretation of taxonomies for their adaptation to text collections. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1781-1784. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871728)


- **Yes we can: simplex volume maximization for descriptive web-scale matrix factorization.**
    > Christian Thurau, Kristian Kersting, Christian Bauckhage. Yes we can: simplex volume maximization for descriptive web-scale matrix factorization. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1785-1788. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871729)


- **Incorporating terminology evolution for query translation in text retrieval with association rules.**
    > Amal Chaminda Kaluarachchi, Aparna S. Varde, Srikanta J. Bedathur, etc. Incorporating terminology evolution for query translation in text retrieval with association rules. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1789-1792. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871730)


- **Exploiting co-occurrence and information quality metrics to recommend tags in web 2.0 applications.**
    > Fabiano Muniz Belém, Eder Ferreira Martins, Jussara Marques de Almeida, etc. Exploiting co-occurrence and information quality metrics to recommend tags in web 2.0 applications. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1793-1796. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871731)


- **Elusive vandalism detection in wikipedia: a text stability-based approach.**
    > Qinyi Wu, Danesh Irani, Calton Pu, etc. Elusive vandalism detection in wikipedia: a text stability-based approach. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1797-1800. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871732)


- **Feature subspace transformations for enhancing k-means clustering.**
    > Anirban Chatterjee, Sanjukta Bhowmick, Padma Raghavan. Feature subspace transformations for enhancing k-means clustering. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1801-1804. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871733)


- **On bootstrapping recommender systems.**
    > Nadav Golbandi, Yehuda Koren, Ronny Lempel. On bootstrapping recommender systems. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1805-1808. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871734)


- **Using Wikipedia categories for compact representations of chemical documents.**
    > Benjamin Köhncke, Wolf-Tilo Balke. Using Wikipedia categories for compact representations of chemical documents. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1809-1812. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871735)


- **Efficient wikipedia-based semantic interpreter by exploiting top-k processing.**
    > Jong Wook Kim, Ashwin Kashyap, Dekai Li, etc. Efficient wikipedia-based semantic interpreter by exploiting top-k processing. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1813-1816. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871736)


- **A study of rumor control strategies on social networks.**
    > Rudra M. Tripathy, Amitabha Bagchi, Sameep Mehta. A study of rumor control strategies on social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1817-1820. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871737)


- **Domain-independent entity coreference in RDF graphs.**
    > Dezhao Song, Jeff Heflin. Domain-independent entity coreference in RDF graphs. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1821-1824. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871738)


- **Opinion digger: an unsupervised opinion miner from unstructured product reviews.**
    > Samaneh Moghaddam, Martin Ester. Opinion digger: an unsupervised opinion miner from unstructured product reviews. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1825-1828. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871739)


- **Combining link and content for collective active learning.**
    > Lixin Shi, Yuhang Zhao, Jie Tang. Combining link and content for collective active learning. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1829-1832. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871740)


- **Classifying sentiment in microblogs: is brevity an advantage?**
    > Adam Bermingham, Alan F. Smeaton. Classifying sentiment in microblogs: is brevity an advantage? in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1833-1836. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871741)


- **Identifying hotspots on the real-time web.**
    > Krishna Yeswanth Kamath, James Caverlee. Identifying hotspots on the real-time web. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1837-1840. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871742)


- **Discovery of numerous specific topics via term co-occurrence analysis.**
    > Omid Madani, Jiye Yu. Discovery of numerous specific topics via term co-occurrence analysis. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1841-1844. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871743)


- **Digging for knowledge with information extraction: a case study on human gene-disease associations.**
    > Markus Bundschus, Anna Bauer-Mehren, Volker Tresp, etc. Digging for knowledge with information extraction: a case study on human gene-disease associations. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1845-1848. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871744)


- **Towards query log based personalization using topic models.**
    > Mark James Carman, Fabio Crestani, Morgan Harvey, etc. Towards query log based personalization using topic models. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1849-1852. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871745)


- **Choosing your own adventure: automatic taxonomy generation to permit many paths.**
    > Xiaoguang Qi, Dawei Yin, Zhenzhen Xue, etc. Choosing your own adventure: automatic taxonomy generation to permit many paths. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1853-1856. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871746)


- **Robust prediction from multiple heterogeneous data sources with partial information.**
    > Mohammad S. Aziz, Chandan K. Reddy. Robust prediction from multiple heterogeneous data sources with partial information. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1857-1860. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871747)


- **Collaboration analytics: mining work patterns from collaboration activities.**
    > Qihua Wang, Hongxia Jin, Yan Liu. Collaboration analytics: mining work patterns from collaboration activities. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1861-1864. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871748)


- **Adapting cost-sensitive learning for reject option.**
    > Jun Du, Eileen A. Ni, Charles X. Ling. Adapting cost-sensitive learning for reject option. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1865-1868. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871749)


- **SKIF: a data imputation framework for concept drifting data streams.**
    > Peng Zhang, Xingquan Zhu, Jianlong Tan, etc. SKIF: a data imputation framework for concept drifting data streams. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1869-1872. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871750)


- **Detecting controversial events from twitter.**
    > Ana-Maria Popescu, Marco Pennacchiotti. Detecting controversial events from twitter. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1873-1876. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871751)


- **Topic detection and organization of mobile text messages.**
    > Ye Tian, Wendong Wang, Xueli Wang, etc. Topic detection and organization of mobile text messages. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1877-1880. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871752)


- **Unsupervised public health event detection for epidemic intelligence.**
    > Marco Fisichella, Avaré Stewart, Kerstin Denecke, etc. Unsupervised public health event detection for epidemic intelligence. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1881-1884. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871753)


- **Pattern based keyword extraction for contextual advertising.**
    > Kushal S. Dave, Vasudeva Varma. Pattern based keyword extraction for contextual advertising. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1885-1888. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871754)


- **Mixture model label propagation.**
    > Mingmin Chi, Xisheng He, Shipeng Yu. Mixture model label propagation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1889-1892. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871755)


- **Regularization and feature selection for networked features.**
    > Hongliang Fei, Brian Quanz, Jun Huan. Regularization and feature selection for networked features. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1893-1896. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871756)


- **BagBoo: a scalable hybrid bagging-the-boosting model.**
    > Dmitry Yurievich Pavlov, Alexey Gorodilov, Cliff A. Brunk. BagBoo: a scalable hybrid bagging-the-boosting model. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1897-1900. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871758)


- **Exploiting sequential relationships for familial classification.**
    > Lee S. Jensen, James G. Shanahan. Exploiting sequential relationships for familial classification. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1901-1904. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871759)


- **Massive structured data management solution.**
    > Ullas Nambiar, Rajeev Gupta, Himanshu Gupta, etc. Massive structured data management solution. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1905-1908. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871760)


- **Ranking of evolving stories through meta-aggregation.**
    > Juozas Gordevicius, Francisco J. Estrada, Hyun Chul Lee, etc. Ranking of evolving stories through meta-aggregation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1909-1912. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871761)


- **Injecting domain knowledge into a granular database engine: a position paper.**
    > Dominik Slezak, Graham Toppin. Injecting domain knowledge into a granular database engine: a position paper. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1913-1916. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871762)


- **Experiences with using SVM-based learning for multi-objective ranking.**
    > Linh Thai Nguyen, Wai Gen Yee, Roger Liew, etc. Experiences with using SVM-based learning for multi-objective ranking. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1917-1920. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871763)


- **Learning to blend rankings: a monotonic transformation to blend rankings from heterogeneous domains.**
    > Zhenzhen Kou, Yi Chang, Zhaohui Zheng, etc. Learning to blend rankings: a monotonic transformation to blend rankings from heterogeneous domains. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1921-1924. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871764)


- **EntityEngine: answering entity-relationship queries using shallow semantics.**
    > Xiaonan Li, Chengkai Li, Cong Yu. EntityEngine: answering entity-relationship queries using shallow semantics. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1925-1926. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871766)


- **Facetedpedia: enabling query-dependent faceted search for wikipedia.**
    > Ning Yan, Chengkai Li, Senjuti Basu Roy, etc. Facetedpedia: enabling query-dependent faceted search for wikipedia. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1927-1928. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871767)


- **Discovering, ranking and annotating cross-document relationships between concepts.**
    > Wei Jin, Xin Wu. Discovering, ranking and annotating cross-document relationships between concepts. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1929-1930. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871768)


- **WikiPop: personalized event detection system based on Wikipedia page view statistics.**
    > Marek Ciglan, Kjetil Nørvåg. WikiPop: personalized event detection system based on Wikipedia page view statistics. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1931-1932. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871769)


- **XReal: an interactive XML keyword searching.**
    > Zhifeng Bao, Jiaheng Lu, Tok Wang Ling. XReal: an interactive XML keyword searching. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1933-1934. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871770)


- **EUI: an embedded engine for understanding user intents from mobile devices.**
    > JongWoo Ha, Jung-Hyun Lee, Kyu-Sun Shim, etc. EUI: an embedded engine for understanding user intents from mobile devices. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1935-1936. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871771)


- **TC-DCA: a system for text classification based on document&apos;s content allocation.**
    > Wenbo Li, Le Sun, Zhenzhong Zhang, etc. TC-DCA: a system for text classification based on document&apos;s content allocation. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1937-1938. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871772)


- **Crawling the web for structured documents.**
    > Julián Urbano, Juan Lloréns, Yorgos Andreadakis, etc. Crawling the web for structured documents. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1939-1940. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871773)


- **Connecting the local and the online in information management.**
    > Gabriella Kazai, Natasa Milic-Frayling, Tim Haughton, etc. Connecting the local and the online in information management. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1941-1942. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871774)


- **LiquidXML: adaptive XML content redistribution.**
    > Jesús Camacho-Rodríguez, Asterios Katsifodimos, Ioana Manolescu, etc. LiquidXML: adaptive XML content redistribution. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1943-1944. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871776)


- **Brown dwarf: a P2P data-warehousing system.**
    > Katerina Doka, Dimitrios Tsoumakos, Nectarios Koziris. Brown dwarf: a P2P data-warehousing system. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1945-1946. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871777)


- **RDFViewS: a storage tuning wizard for RDF applications.**
    > François Goasdoué, Konstantinos Karanasos, Julien Leblay, etc. RDFViewS: a storage tuning wizard for RDF applications. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1947-1948. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871778)


- **WS-GraphMatching: a web service tool for graph matching.**
    > Qiong Cheng, Mitsunori Ogihara, Jinpeng Wei, etc. WS-GraphMatching: a web service tool for graph matching. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1949-1950. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871779)


- **FALCON: seamless access to meeting data from the inbox and calendar.**
    > Peter Bjellerup, Karl J. Cama, Mukundan Desikan, etc. FALCON: seamless access to meeting data from the inbox and calendar. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1951-1952. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871780)


- **SPac: a distributed, peer-to-peer, secure and privacy-aware social space.**
    > Angela Bonifati, Wendy Hui Wang, Ruilin Liu. SPac: a distributed, peer-to-peer, secure and privacy-aware social space. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1953-1954. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871781)


- **SEQUEL: query completion via pattern mining on multi-column structural data.**
    > Chuancong Gao, Qingyan Yang, Jianyong Wang. SEQUEL: query completion via pattern mining on multi-column structural data. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1955-1956. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871782)


- **MI-WDIS: web data integration system for market intelligence.**
    > Zhongmin Yan, Qingzhong Li, Shidong Zhang, etc. MI-WDIS: web data integration system for market intelligence. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1957-1958. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871783)


- **i-SEE: integrated stream execution environment over on-line data streams.**
    > Se Jung Shin, Hong Kyu Park, Ho Jin Woo, etc. i-SEE: integrated stream execution environment over on-line data streams. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1959-1960. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871784)


- **Summarizing biological literature with BioSumm.**
    > Elena Baralis, Alessandro Fiori. Summarizing biological literature with BioSumm. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1961-1962. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871785)


- **Exploring and visualizing academic social networks.**
    > Veselin Ganev, Zhaochen Guo, Diego Serrano, etc. Exploring and visualizing academic social networks. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1963-1964. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871786)


- **Summary of the 4th workshop on analytics for noisy unstructured text data (AND).**
    > Roberto Basili, Daniel P. Lopresti, Christoph Ringlstetter, etc. Summary of the 4th workshop on analytics for noisy unstructured text data (AND). in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1965-1966. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871788)


- **3rd BooksOnline workshop: research advances in large digital book repositories and complementary media.**
    > Gabriella Kazai, Peter Brusilovsky. 3rd BooksOnline workshop: research advances in large digital book repositories and complementary media. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1967-1968. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871789)


- **Report on the second international workshop on cloud data management (CloudDB 2010).**
    > Xiaofeng Meng, Ying Chen, Jiaheng Lu, etc. Report on the second international workshop on cloud data management (CloudDB 2010). in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1969-1970. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871790)


- **DTMBIO workshop summary.**
    > Hagit Shatkay, Doheon Lee, Min Song, etc. DTMBIO workshop summary. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1971-1972. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871791)


- **DOLAP 2010 workshop summary.**
    > Carlos Ordonez, Il-Yeol Song. DOLAP 2010 workshop summary. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1973-1974. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871792)


- **Third workshop on exploiting semantic annotations in information retrieval (ESAIR): CIKM 2010 workshop.**
    > Jaap Kamps, Jussi Karlgren, Ralf Schenkel. Third workshop on exploiting semantic annotations in information retrieval (ESAIR): CIKM 2010 workshop. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1975-1976. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871793)


- **3rd international workshop on patent information retrieval (PaIR&apos;10).**
    > Mihai Lupu, John Tait, Katja Mayer, etc. 3rd international workshop on patent information retrieval (PaIR&apos;10). in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1977-1978. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871794)


- **PIKM 2010: ACM workshop for ph.d. students in information and knowledge management.**
    > Anisoara Nica, Aparna S. Varde. PIKM 2010: ACM workshop for ph.d. students in information and knowledge management. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1979-1980. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871795)


- **Overview of the 2nd international workshop on search and mining user-generated contents.**
    > José Carlos Cortizo, Francisco M. Carrero, Iván Cantador, etc. Overview of the 2nd international workshop on search and mining user-generated contents. in Proceedings of the 19th ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, CIKM 2010, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, October 26-30, 2010(CIKM' 10). 1981-1982. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/1871437.1871796)
