
- **What&apos;s Fair?**
    > Cynthia Dwork. What&apos;s Fair? in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105807)


- **An Alternative to NCD for Large Sequences, Lempel-Ziv Jaccard Distance.**
    > Edward Raff, Charles K. Nicholas. An Alternative to NCD for Large Sequences, Lempel-Ziv Jaccard Distance. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1007-1015. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098111)


- **Inferring the Strength of Social Ties: A Community-Driven Approach.**
    > Polina Rozenshtein, Nikolaj Tatti, Aristides Gionis. Inferring the Strength of Social Ties: A Community-Driven Approach. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1017-1025. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098199)


- **Detecting Network Effects: Randomizing Over Randomized Experiments.**
    > Martin Saveski, Jean Pouget-Abadie, Guillaume Saint-Jacques, etc. Detecting Network Effects: Randomizing Over Randomized Experiments. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1027-1035. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098192)


- **When is a Network a Network?: Multi-Order Graphical Model Selection in Pathways and Temporal Networks.**
    > Ingo Scholtes. When is a Network a Network?: Multi-Order Graphical Model Selection in Pathways and Temporal Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1037-1046. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098145)


- **ReasoNet: Learning to Stop Reading in Machine Comprehension.**
    > Yelong Shen, Po-Sen Huang, Jianfeng Gao, etc. ReasoNet: Learning to Stop Reading in Machine Comprehension. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1047-1055. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098177)


- **HyperLogLog Hyperextended: Sketches for Concave Sublinear Frequency Statistics.**
    > Edith Cohen. HyperLogLog Hyperextended: Sketches for Concave Sublinear Frequency Statistics. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 105-114. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098020)


- **DenseAlert: Incremental Dense-Subtensor Detection in Tensor Streams.**
    > Kijung Shin, Bryan Hooi, Jisu Kim, etc. DenseAlert: Incremental Dense-Subtensor Detection in Tensor Streams. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1057-1066. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098087)


- **Anomaly Detection in Streams with Extreme Value Theory.**
    > Alban Siffer, Pierre-Alain Fouque, Alexandre Termier, etc. Anomaly Detection in Streams with Extreme Value Theory. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1067-1075. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098144)


- **Relay-Linking Models for Prominence and Obsolescence in Evolving Networks.**
    > Mayank Singh, Rajdeep Sarkar, Pawan Goyal, etc. Relay-Linking Models for Prominence and Obsolescence in Evolving Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1077-1086. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098146)


- **PAMAE: Parallel k-Medoids Clustering with High Accuracy and Efficiency.**
    > Hwanjun Song, Jae-Gil Lee, Wook-Shin Han. PAMAE: Parallel k-Medoids Clustering with High Accuracy and Efficiency. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1087-1096. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098098)


- **Sparse Compositional Local Metric Learning.**
    > Joseph St. Amand, Jun Huan. Sparse Compositional Local Metric Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1097-1104. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098153)


- **Mining Big Data in NeuroGenetics to Understand Muscular Dystrophy.**
    > Andy Berglund. Mining Big Data in NeuroGenetics to Understand Muscular Dystrophy. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 11. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105813)


- **End-to-end Learning for Short Text Expansion.**
    > Jian Tang, Yue Wang, Kai Zheng, etc. End-to-end Learning for Short Text Expansion. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1105-1113. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098166)


- **Construction of Directed 2K Graphs.**
    > Bálint Tillman, Athina Markopoulou, Carter T. Butts, etc. Construction of Directed 2K Graphs. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1115-1124. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098119)


- **Optimized Risk Scores.**
    > Berk Ustun, Cynthia Rudin. Optimized Risk Scores. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1125-1134. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098161)


- **A Location-Sentiment-Aware Recommender System for Both Home-Town and Out-of-Town Users.**
    > Hao Wang, Yanmei Fu, Qinyong Wang, etc. A Location-Sentiment-Aware Recommender System for Both Home-Town and Out-of-Town Users. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1135-1143. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098122)


- **Adversary Resistant Deep Neural Networks with an Application to Malware Detection.**
    > Qinglong Wang, Wenbo Guo, Kaixuan Zhang, etc. Adversary Resistant Deep Neural Networks with an Application to Malware Detection. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1145-1153. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098158)


- **Fast Enumeration of Large k-Plexes.**
    > Alessio Conte, Donatella Firmani, Caterina Mordente, etc. Fast Enumeration of Large k-Plexes. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 115-124. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098031)


- **Multi-Modality Disease Modeling via Collective Deep Matrix Factorization.**
    > Qi Wang, Mengying Sun, Liang Zhan, etc. Multi-Modality Disease Modeling via Collective Deep Matrix Factorization. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1155-1164. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098164)


- **Decomposed Normalized Maximum Likelihood Codelength Criterion for Selecting Hierarchical Latent Variable Models.**
    > Tianyi Wu, Shinya Sugawara, Kenji Yamanishi. Decomposed Normalized Maximum Likelihood Codelength Criterion for Selecting Hierarchical Latent Variable Models. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1165-1174. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098110)


- **Structural Event Detection from Log Messages.**
    > Fei Wu, Pranay Anchuri, Zhenhui Li. Structural Event Detection from Log Messages. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1175-1184. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098124)


- **Retrospective Higher-Order Markov Processes for User Trails.**
    > Tao Wu, David F. Gleich. Retrospective Higher-Order Markov Processes for User Trails. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1185-1194. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098127)


- **Privacy-Preserving Distributed Multi-Task Learning with Asynchronous Updates.**
    > Liyang Xie, Inci M. Baytas, Kaixiang Lin, etc. Privacy-Preserving Distributed Multi-Task Learning with Asynchronous Updates. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1195-1204. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098152)


- **Evaluating U.S. Electoral Representation with a Joint Statistical Model of Congressional Roll-Calls, Legislative Text, and Voter Registration Data.**
    > Zhengming Xing, Sunshine Hillygus, Lawrence Carin. Evaluating U.S. Electoral Representation with a Joint Statistical Model of Congressional Roll-Calls, Legislative Text, and Voter Registration Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1205-1214. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098151)


- **Convex Factorization Machine for Toxicogenomics Prediction.**
    > Makoto Yamada, Wenzhao Lian, Amit Goyal, etc. Convex Factorization Machine for Toxicogenomics Prediction. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1215-1224. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098103)


- **Distributed Local Outlier Detection in Big Data.**
    > Yizhou Yan, Lei Cao, Caitlin Kuhlman, etc. Distributed Local Outlier Detection in Big Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1225-1234. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098179)


- **Scalable Top-n Local Outlier Detection.**
    > Yizhou Yan, Lei Cao, Elke A. Rundensteiner. Scalable Top-n Local Outlier Detection. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1235-1244. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098191)


- **Bridging Collaborative Filtering and Semi-Supervised Learning: A Neural Approach for POI Recommendation.**
    > Carl Yang, Lanxiao Bai, Chao Zhang, etc. Bridging Collaborative Filtering and Semi-Supervised Learning: A Neural Approach for POI Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1245-1254. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098094)


- **Matrix Profile V: A Generic Technique to Incorporate Domain Knowledge into Motif Discovery.**
    > Hoang Anh Dau, Eamonn J. Keogh. Matrix Profile V: A Generic Technique to Incorporate Domain Knowledge into Motif Discovery. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 125-134. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097993)


- **Multi-task Function-on-function Regression with Co-grouping Structured Sparsity.**
    > Pei Yang, Qi Tan, Jingrui He. Multi-task Function-on-function Regression with Co-grouping Structured Sparsity. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1255-1264. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098133)


- **Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Vertices in Networks.**
    > Wei Ye, Linfei Zhou, Dominik Mautz, etc. Learning from Labeled and Unlabeled Vertices in Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1265-1274. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098142)


- **Small Batch or Large Batch?: Gaussian Walk with Rebound Can Teach.**
    > Peifeng Yin, Ping Luo, Taiga Nakamura. Small Batch or Large Batch?: Gaussian Walk with Rebound Can Teach. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1275-1284. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098147)


- **Learning from Multiple Teacher Networks.**
    > Shan You, Chang Xu, Chao Xu, etc. Learning from Multiple Teacher Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1285-1294. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098135)


- **A Temporally Heterogeneous Survival Framework with Application to Social Behavior Dynamics.**
    > Linyun Yu, Peng Cui, Chaoming Song, etc. A Temporally Heterogeneous Survival Framework with Application to Social Behavior Dynamics. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1295-1304. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098189)


- **Industrial Machine Learning.**
    > Josh Bloom. Industrial Machine Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 13. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105817)


- **Inductive Semi-supervised Multi-Label Learning with Co-Training.**
    > Wang Zhan, Min-Ling Zhang. Inductive Semi-supervised Multi-Label Learning with Co-Training. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1305-1314. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098141)


- **LEAP: Learning to Prescribe Effective and Safe Treatment Combinations for Multimorbidity.**
    > Yutao Zhang, Robert Chen, Jie Tang, etc. LEAP: Learning to Prescribe Effective and Safe Treatment Combinations for Multimorbidity. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1315-1324. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098109)


- **Visualizing Attributed Graphs via Terrain Metaphor.**
    > Yang Zhang, Yusu Wang, Srinivasan Parthasarathy. Visualizing Attributed Graphs via Terrain Metaphor. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1325-1334. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098130)


- **Achieving Non-Discrimination in Data Release.**
    > Lu Zhang, Yongkai Wu, Xintao Wu. Achieving Non-Discrimination in Data Release. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1335-1344. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098167)


- **metapath2vec: Scalable Representation Learning for Heterogeneous Networks.**
    > Yuxiao Dong, Nitesh V. Chawla, Ananthram Swami. metapath2vec: Scalable Representation Learning for Heterogeneous Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 135-144. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098036)


- **Using Convolutional Networks and Satellite Imagery to Identify Patterns in Urban Environments at a Large Scale.**
    > Adrian Albert, Jasleen Kaur, Marta C. González. Using Convolutional Networks and Satellite Imagery to Identify Patterns in Urban Environments at a Large Scale. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1357-1366. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098070)


- **Luck is Hard to Beat: The Difficulty of Sports Prediction.**
    > Raquel Y. S. Aoki, Renato Martins Assunção, Pedro O. S. Vaz de Melo. Luck is Hard to Beat: The Difficulty of Sports Prediction. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1367-1376. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098045)


- **Planning Bike Lanes based on Sharing-Bikes&apos; Trajectories.**
    > Jie Bao, Tianfu He, Sijie Ruan, etc. Planning Bike Lanes based on Sharing-Bikes&apos; Trajectories. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1377-1386. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098056)


- **TFX: A TensorFlow-Based Production-Scale Machine Learning Platform.**
    > Denis Baylor, Eric Breck, Heng-Tze Cheng, etc. TFX: A TensorFlow-Based Production-Scale Machine Learning Platform. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1387-1395. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098021)


- **LiJAR: A System for Job Application Redistribution towards Efficient Career Marketplace.**
    > Fedor Borisyuk, Liang Zhang, Krishnaram Kenthapadi. LiJAR: A System for Job Application Redistribution towards Efficient Career Marketplace. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1397-1406. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098028)


- **A Data Science Approach to Understanding Residential Water Contamination in Flint.**
    > Alex Chojnacki, Chengyu Dai, Arya Farahi, etc. A Data Science Approach to Understanding Residential Water Contamination in Flint. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1407-1416. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098078)


- **Estimation of Recent Ancestral Origins of Individuals on a Large Scale.**
    > Ross E. Curtis, Ahna Reza Girshick. Estimation of Recent Ancestral Origins of Individuals on a Large Scale. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1417-1425. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098042)


- **A Dirty Dozen: Twelve Common Metric Interpretation Pitfalls in Online Controlled Experiments.**
    > Pavel A. Dmitriev, Somit Gupta, Dong Woo Kim, etc. A Dirty Dozen: Twelve Common Metric Interpretation Pitfalls in Online Controlled Experiments. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1427-1436. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098024)


- **A Century of Science: Globalization of Scientific Collaborations, Citations, and Innovations.**
    > Yuxiao Dong, Hao Ma, Zhihong Shen, etc. A Century of Science: Globalization of Scientific Collaborations, Citations, and Innovations. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1437-1446. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098016)


- **FIRST: Fast Interactive Attributed Subgraph Matching.**
    > Boxin Du, Si Zhang, Nan Cao, etc. FIRST: Fast Interactive Attributed Subgraph Matching. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1447-1456. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098040)


- **Ego-Splitting Framework: from Non-Overlapping to Overlapping Clusters.**
    > Alessandro Epasto, Silvio Lattanzi, Renato Paes Leme. Ego-Splitting Framework: from Non-Overlapping to Overlapping Clusters. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 145-154. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098054)


- **Prognosis and Diagnosis of Parkinson&apos;s Disease Using Multi-Task Learning.**
    > Saba Emrani, Anya McGuirk, Wei Xiao. Prognosis and Diagnosis of Parkinson&apos;s Disease Using Multi-Task Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1457-1466. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098065)


- **A Data Mining Framework for Valuing Large Portfolios of Variable Annuities.**
    > Guojun Gan, Jimmy Xiangji Huang. A Data Mining Framework for Valuing Large Portfolios of Variable Annuities. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1467-1475. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098013)


- **GELL: Automatic Extraction of Epidemiological Line Lists from Open Sources.**
    > Saurav Ghosh, Prithwish Chakraborty, Bryan L. Lewis, etc. GELL: Automatic Extraction of Epidemiological Line Lists from Open Sources. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1477-1485. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098073)


- **Google Vizier: A Service for Black-Box Optimization.**
    > Daniel Golovin, Benjamin Solnik, Subhodeep Moitra, etc. Google Vizier: A Service for Black-Box Optimization. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1487-1495. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098043)


- **Predicting Clinical Outcomes Across Changing Electronic Health Record Systems.**
    > Jen J. Gong, Tristan Naumann, Peter Szolovits, etc. Predicting Clinical Outcomes Across Changing Electronic Health Record Systems. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1497-1505. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098064)


- **Behavior Informatics to Discover Behavior Insight for Active and Tailored Client Management.**
    > Longbing Cao. Behavior Informatics to Discover Behavior Insight for Active and Tailored Client Management. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 15-16. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105818)


- **HinDroid: An Intelligent Android Malware Detection System Based on Structured Heterogeneous Information Network.**
    > Shifu Hou, Yanfang Ye, Yangqiu Song, etc. HinDroid: An Intelligent Android Malware Detection System Based on Structured Heterogeneous Information Network. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1507-1515. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098026)


- **Peeking at A/B Tests: Why it matters, and what to do about it.**
    > Ramesh Johari, Pete Koomen, Leonid Pekelis, etc. Peeking at A/B Tests: Why it matters, and what to do about it. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1517-1525. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097992)


- **PNP: Fast Path Ensemble Method for Movie Design.**
    > Danai Koutra, Abhilash Dighe, Smriti Bhagat, etc. PNP: Fast Path Ensemble Method for Movie Design. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1527-1536. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098076)


- **Pharmacovigilance via Baseline Regularization with Large-Scale Longitudinal Observational Data.**
    > Zhaobin Kuang, Peggy L. Peissig, Vítor Santos Costa, etc. Pharmacovigilance via Baseline Regularization with Large-Scale Longitudinal Observational Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1537-1546. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097998)


- **FLAP: An End-to-End Event Log Analysis Platform for System Management.**
    > Tao Li, Yexi Jiang, Chunqiu Zeng, etc. FLAP: An End-to-End Event Log Analysis Platform for System Management. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1547-1556. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098022)


- **Contextual Motifs: Increasing the Utility of Motifs using Contextual Data.**
    > Ian Fox, Lynn Ang, Mamta Jaiswal, etc. Contextual Motifs: Increasing the Utility of Motifs using Contextual Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 155-164. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098068)


- **Cascade Ranking for Operational E-commerce Search.**
    > Shichen Liu, Fei Xiao, Wenwu Ou, etc. Cascade Ranking for Operational E-commerce Search. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1557-1565. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098011)


- **Developing a Comprehensive Framework for Multimodal Feature Extraction.**
    > Quinten McNamara, Alejandro de la Vega, Tal Yarkoni. Developing a Comprehensive Framework for Multimodal Feature Extraction. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1567-1574. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098075)


- **Deep Choice Model Using Pointer Networks for Airline Itinerary Prediction.**
    > Alejandro Mottini, Rodrigo Acuna-Agost. Deep Choice Model Using Pointer Networks for Airline Itinerary Prediction. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1575-1583. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098005)


- **Compass: Spatio Temporal Sentiment Analysis of US Election What Twitter Says!**
    > Debjyoti Paul, Feifei Li, Murali Krishna Teja, etc. Compass: Spatio Temporal Sentiment Analysis of US Election What Twitter Says! in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1585-1594. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098053)


- **Backpage and Bitcoin: Uncovering Human Traffickers.**
    > Rebecca S. Portnoff, Danny Yuxing Huang, Periwinkle Doerfler, etc. Backpage and Bitcoin: Uncovering Human Traffickers. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1595-1604. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098082)


- **Not All Passes Are Created Equal: Objectively Measuring the Risk and Reward of Passes in Soccer from Tracking Data.**
    > Paul Power, Héctor Ruiz, Xinyu Wei, etc. Not All Passes Are Created Equal: Objectively Measuring the Risk and Reward of Passes in Soccer from Tracking Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1605-1613. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098051)


- **MARAS: Signaling Multi-Drug Adverse Reactions.**
    > Xiao Qin, Tabassum Kakar, Susmitha Wunnava, etc. MARAS: Signaling Multi-Drug Adverse Reactions. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1615-1623. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097986)


- **A Practical Exploration System for Search Advertising.**
    > Parikshit Shah, Ming Yang, Sachidanand Alle, etc. A Practical Exploration System for Search Advertising. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1625-1631. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098041)


- **MOLIERE: Automatic Biomedical Hypothesis Generation System.**
    > Justin Sybrandt, Michael Shtutman, Ilya Safro. MOLIERE: Automatic Biomedical Hypothesis Generation System. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1633-1642. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098057)


- **Quick Access: Building a Smart Experience for Google Drive.**
    > Sandeep Tata, Alexandrin Popescul, Marc Najork, etc. Quick Access: Building a Smart Experience for Google Drive. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1643-1651. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098048)


- **Unsupervised P2P Rental Recommendations via Integer Programming.**
    > Yanjie Fu, Guannan Liu, Mingfei Teng, etc. Unsupervised P2P Rental Recommendations via Integer Programming. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 165-173. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098044)


- **The Simpler The Better: A Unified Approach to Predicting Original Taxi Demands based on Large-Scale Online Platforms.**
    > Yongxin Tong, Yuqiang Chen, Zimu Zhou, etc. The Simpler The Better: A Unified Approach to Predicting Original Taxi Demands based on Large-Scale Online Platforms. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1653-1662. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098018)


- **DeepSD: Generating High Resolution Climate Change Projections through Single Image Super-Resolution.**
    > Thomas Vandal, Evan Kodra, Sangram Ganguly, etc. DeepSD: Generating High Resolution Climate Change Projections through Single Image Super-Resolution. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1663-1672. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098004)


- **No Longer Sleeping with a Bomb: A Duet System for Protecting Urban Safety from Dangerous Goods.**
    > Jingyuan Wang, Chao Chen, Junjie Wu, etc. No Longer Sleeping with a Bomb: A Duet System for Protecting Urban Safety from Dangerous Goods. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1673-1681. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097985)


- **A Quasi-experimental Estimate of the Impact of P2P Transportation Platforms on Urban Consumer Patterns.**
    > Zhe Zhang, Beibei Li. A Quasi-experimental Estimate of the Impact of P2P Transportation Platforms on Urban Consumer Patterns. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1683-1692. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098058)


- **KunPeng: Parameter Server based Distributed Learning Systems and Its Applications in Alibaba and Ant Financial.**
    > Jun Zhou, Xiaolong Li, Peilin Zhao, etc. KunPeng: Parameter Server based Distributed Learning Systems and Its Applications in Alibaba and Ant Financial. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1693-1702. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098029)


- **It Takes More than Math and Engineering to Hit the Bullseye with Data.**
    > Paritosh Desai. It Takes More than Math and Engineering to Hit the Bullseye with Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 17. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105816)


- **Deep Embedding Forest: Forest-based Serving with Deep Embedding Features.**
    > Jie Zhu, Ying Shan, J. C. Mao, etc. Deep Embedding Forest: Forest-based Serving with Deep Embedding Features. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1703-1711. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098059)


- **A Practical Algorithm for Solving the Incoherence Problem of Topic Models In Industrial Applications.**
    > Amr Ahmed, James Long, Daniel Silva, etc. A Practical Algorithm for Solving the Incoherence Problem of Topic Models In Industrial Applications. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1713-1721. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098200)


- **Machine Learning for Encrypted Malware Traffic Classification: Accounting for Noisy Labels and Non-Stationarity.**
    > Blake Anderson, David A. McGrew. Machine Learning for Encrypted Malware Traffic Classification: Accounting for Noisy Labels and Non-Stationarity. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1723-1732. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098163)


- **Extremely Fast Decision Tree Mining for Evolving Data Streams.**
    > Albert Bifet, Jiajin Zhang, Wei Fan, etc. Extremely Fast Decision Tree Mining for Evolving Data Streams. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1733-1742. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098139)


- **Real-Time Optimization of Web Publisher RTB Revenues.**
    > Pedro Chahuara, Nicolas Grislain, Grégoire Jauvion, etc. Real-Time Optimization of Web Publisher RTB Revenues. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1743-1751. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098150)


- **The Co-Evolution Model for Social Network Evolving and Opinion Migration.**
    > Yupeng Gu, Yizhou Sun, Jianxi Gao. The Co-Evolution Model for Social Network Evolving and Opinion Migration. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 175-184. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098002)


- **Customer Lifetime Value Prediction Using Embeddings.**
    > Benjamin Paul Chamberlain, Ângelo Cardoso, C. H. Bryan Liu, etc. Customer Lifetime Value Prediction Using Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1753-1762. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098123)


- **TensorFlow Estimators: Managing Simplicity vs. Flexibility in High-Level Machine Learning Frameworks.**
    > Heng-Tze Cheng, Zakaria Haque, Lichan Hong, etc. TensorFlow Estimators: Managing Simplicity vs. Flexibility in High-Level Machine Learning Frameworks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1763-1771. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098171)


- **Learning Tree-Structured Detection Cascades for Heterogeneous Networks of Embedded Devices.**
    > Hamid Dadkhahi, Benjamin M. Marlin. Learning Tree-Structured Detection Cascades for Heterogeneous Networks of Embedded Devices. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1773-1781. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098169)


- **AESOP: Automatic Policy Learning for Predicting and Mitigating Network Service Impairments.**
    > Supratim Deb, Zihui Ge, Sastry Isukapalli, etc. AESOP: Automatic Policy Learning for Predicting and Mitigating Network Service Impairments. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1783-1792. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098157)


- **Automated Categorization of Onion Sites for Analyzing the Darkweb Ecosystem.**
    > Shalini Ghosh, Ariyam Das, Phillip A. Porras, etc. Automated Categorization of Onion Sites for Analyzing the Darkweb Ecosystem. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1793-1802. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098193)


- **Toward Automated Fact-Checking: Detecting Check-worthy Factual Claims by ClaimBuster.**
    > Naeemul Hassan, Fatma Arslan, Chengkai Li, etc. Toward Automated Fact-Checking: Detecting Check-worthy Factual Claims by ClaimBuster. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1803-1812. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098131)


- **An Efficient Bandit Algorithm for Realtime Multivariate Optimization.**
    > Daniel N. Hill, Houssam Nassif, Yi Liu, etc. An Efficient Bandit Algorithm for Realtime Multivariate Optimization. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1813-1821. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098184)


- **Large Scale Sentiment Learning with Limited Labels.**
    > Vasileios Iosifidis, Eirini Ntoutsi. Large Scale Sentiment Learning with Limited Labels. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1823-1832. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098159)


- **Optimization Beyond Prediction: Prescriptive Price Optimization.**
    > Shinji Ito, Ryohei Fujimaki. Optimization Beyond Prediction: Prescriptive Price Optimization. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1833-1841. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098188)


- **Finding Precursors to Anomalous Drop in Airspeed During a Flight&apos;s Takeoff.**
    > Vijay Manikandan Janakiraman, Bryan L. Matthews, Nikunj C. Oza. Finding Precursors to Anomalous Drop in Airspeed During a Flight&apos;s Takeoff. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1843-1852. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098097)


- **Groups-Keeping Solution Path Algorithm for Sparse Regression with Automatic Feature Grouping.**
    > Bin Gu, Guodong Liu, Heng Huang. Groups-Keeping Solution Path Algorithm for Sparse Regression with Automatic Feature Grouping. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 185-193. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098010)


- **Ad Serving with Multiple KPIs.**
    > Brendan Kitts, Michael Krishnan, Ishadutta Yadav, etc. Ad Serving with Multiple KPIs. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1853-1861. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098085)


- **Discovering Pollution Sources and Propagation Patterns in Urban Area.**
    > Xiucheng Li, Yun Cheng, Gao Cong, etc. Discovering Pollution Sources and Propagation Patterns in Urban Area. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1863-1872. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098090)


- **Discovering Enterprise Concepts Using Spreadsheet Tables.**
    > Keqian Li, Yeye He, Kris Ganjam. Discovering Enterprise Concepts Using Spreadsheet Tables. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1873-1882. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098102)


- **Supporting Employer Name Normalization at both Entity and Cluster Level.**
    > Qiaoling Liu, Faizan Javed, Vachik S. Dave, etc. Supporting Employer Name Normalization at both Entity and Cluster Level. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1883-1892. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098093)


- **BDT: Gradient Boosted Decision Tables for High Accuracy and Scoring Efficiency.**
    > Yin Lou, Mikhail Obukhov. BDT: Gradient Boosted Decision Tables for High Accuracy and Scoring Efficiency. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1893-1901. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098175)


- **Planning and Learning under Uncertainty: Theory and Practice.**
    > Jonathan P. How. Planning and Learning under Uncertainty: Theory and Practice. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 19. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105812)


- **Dipole: Diagnosis Prediction in Healthcare via Attention-based Bidirectional Recurrent Neural Networks.**
    > Fenglong Ma, Radha Chitta, Jing Zhou, etc. Dipole: Diagnosis Prediction in Healthcare via Attention-based Bidirectional Recurrent Neural Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1903-1911. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098088)


- **Internet Device Graphs.**
    > Matthew Malloy, Paul Barford, Enis Ceyhun Alp, etc. Internet Device Graphs. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1913-1921. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098114)


- **RUSH!: Targeted Time-limited Coupons via Purchase Forecasts.**
    > Emaad A. Manzoor, Leman Akoglu. RUSH!: Targeted Time-limited Coupons via Purchase Forecasts. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1923-1931. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098104)


- **Embedding-based News Recommendation for Millions of Users.**
    > Shumpei Okura, Yukihiro Tagami, Shingo Ono, etc. Embedding-based News Recommendation for Millions of Users. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1933-1942. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098108)


- **Learning to Count Mosquitoes for the Sterile Insect Technique.**
    > Yaniv Ovadia, Yoni Halpern, Dilip Krishnan, etc. Learning to Count Mosquitoes for the Sterile Insect Technique. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1943-1949. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098204)


- **Clustering Individual Transactional Data for Masses of Users.**
    > Riccardo Guidotti, Anna Monreale, Mirco Nanni, etc. Clustering Individual Transactional Data for Masses of Users. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 195-204. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098034)


- **An Intelligent Customer Care Assistant System for Large-Scale Cellular Network Diagnosis.**
    > Lujia Pan, Jianfeng Zhang, Patrick P. C. Lee, etc. An Intelligent Customer Care Assistant System for Large-Scale Cellular Network Diagnosis. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1951-1959. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098120)


- **Deep Design: Product Aesthetics for Heterogeneous Markets.**
    > Yanxin Pan, Alexander Burnap, Jeffrey Hartley, etc. Deep Design: Product Aesthetics for Heterogeneous Markets. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1961-1970. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098176)


- **Collecting and Analyzing Millions of mHealth Data Streams.**
    > Tom Quisel, Luca Foschini, Alessio Signorini, etc. Collecting and Analyzing Millions of mHealth Data Streams. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1971-1980. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098201)


- **Dispatch with Confidence: Integration of Machine Learning, Optimization and Simulation for Open Pit Mines.**
    > Kosta Ristovski, Chetan Gupta, Kunihiko Harada, etc. Dispatch with Confidence: Integration of Machine Learning, Optimization and Simulation for Open Pit Mines. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1981-1989. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098178)


- **&quot;The Leicester City Fairytale?&quot;: Utilizing New Soccer Analytics Tools to Compare Performance in the 15/16 &amp; 16/17 EPL Seasons.**
    > Héctor Ruiz, Paul Power, Xinyu Wei, etc. &quot;The Leicester City Fairytale?&quot;: Utilizing New Soccer Analytics Tools to Compare Performance in the 15/16 &amp; 16/17 EPL Seasons. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 1991-2000. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098121)


- **Matching Restaurant Menus to Crowdsourced Food Data: A Scalable Machine Learning Approach.**
    > Hesam Salehian, Patrick D. Howell, Chul Lee. Matching Restaurant Menus to Crowdsourced Food Data: A Scalable Machine Learning Approach. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2001-2009. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098125)


- **The Fake vs Real Goods Problem: Microscopy and Machine Learning to the Rescue.**
    > Ashlesh Sharma, Vidyuth Srinivasan, Vishal Kanchan, etc. The Fake vs Real Goods Problem: Microscopy and Machine Learning to the Rescue. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2011-2019. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098186)


- **Automatic Application Identification from Billions of Files.**
    > Kyle Soska, Christopher S. Gates, Kevin A. Roundy, etc. Automatic Application Identification from Billions of Files. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2021-2030. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098196)


- **Learning to Generate Rock Descriptions from Multivariate Well Logs with Hierarchical Attention.**
    > Bin Tong, Martin Klinkigt, Makoto Iwayama, etc. Learning to Generate Rock Descriptions from Multivariate Well Logs with Hierarchical Attention. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2031-2040. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098132)


- **Multi-view Learning over Retinal Thickness and Visual Sensitivity on Glaucomatous Eyes.**
    > Toshimitsu Uesaka, Kai Morino, Hiroki Sugiura, etc. Multi-view Learning over Retinal Thickness and Visual Sensitivity on Glaucomatous Eyes. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2041-2050. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098194)


- **Network Inference via the Time-Varying Graphical Lasso.**
    > David Hallac, Youngsuk Park, Stephen P. Boyd, etc. Network Inference via the Time-Varying Graphical Lasso. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 205-213. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098037)


- **Dynamic Attention Deep Model for Article Recommendation by Learning Human Editors&apos; Demonstration.**
    > Xuejian Wang, Lantao Yu, Kan Ren, etc. Dynamic Attention Deep Model for Article Recommendation by Learning Human Editors&apos; Demonstration. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2051-2059. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098096)


- **A Hybrid Framework for Text Modeling with Convolutional RNN.**
    > Chenglong Wang, Feijun Jiang, Hongxia Yang. A Hybrid Framework for Text Modeling with Convolutional RNN. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2061-2069. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098140)


- **Formative Essay Feedback Using Predictive Scoring Models.**
    > Bronwyn Woods, David Adamson, Shayne Miel, etc. Formative Essay Feedback Using Predictive Scoring Models. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2071-2080. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098160)


- **Learning Temporal State of Diabetes Patients via Combining Behavioral and Demographic Data.**
    > Houping Xiao, Jing Gao, Long H. Vu, etc. Learning Temporal State of Diabetes Patients via Combining Behavioral and Demographic Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2081-2089. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098100)


- **Local Algorithm for User Action Prediction Towards Display Ads.**
    > Hongxia Yang, Yada Zhu, Jingrui He. Local Algorithm for User Action Prediction Towards Display Ads. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2091-2099. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098089)


- **Big Data in Climate: Opportunities and Challenges for Machine Learning.**
    > Anuj Karpatne, Vipin Kumar. Big Data in Climate: Opportunities and Challenges for Machine Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 21-22. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105810)


- **Visual Search at eBay.**
    > Fan Yang, Ajinkya Kale, Yury Bubnov, etc. Visual Search at eBay. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2101-2110. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098162)


- **A Data-driven Process Recommender Framework.**
    > Sen Yang, Xin Dong, Leilei Sun, etc. A Data-driven Process Recommender Framework. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2111-2120. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098174)


- **Predicting Optimal Facility Location without Customer Locations.**
    > Emre Yilmaz, Sanem Elbasi, Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu. Predicting Optimal Facility Location without Customer Locations. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2121-2130. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098198)


- **DeepProbe: Information Directed Sequence Understanding and Chatbot Design via Recurrent Neural Networks.**
    > Zi Yin, Keng-hao Chang, Ruofei Zhang. DeepProbe: Information Directed Sequence Understanding and Chatbot Design via Recurrent Neural Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2131-2139. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098148)


- **Stock Price Prediction via Discovering Multi-Frequency Trading Patterns.**
    > Liheng Zhang, Charu C. Aggarwal, Guo-Jun Qi. Stock Price Prediction via Discovering Multi-Frequency Trading Patterns. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2141-2149. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098117)


- **Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-Based Clustering of Multivariate Time Series Data.**
    > David Hallac, Sagar Vare, Stephen P. Boyd, etc. Toeplitz Inverse Covariance-Based Clustering of Multivariate Time Series Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 215-223. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098060)


- **A Taxi Order Dispatch Model based On Combinatorial Optimization.**
    > Lingyu Zhang, Tao Hu, Yue Min, etc. A Taxi Order Dispatch Model based On Combinatorial Optimization. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2151-2159. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098138)


- **Contextual Spatial Outlier Detection with Metric Learning.**
    > Guanjie Zheng, Susan L. Brantley, Thomas Lauvaux, etc. Contextual Spatial Outlier Detection with Metric Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2161-2170. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098143)


- **Resolving the Bias in Electronic Medical Records.**
    > Kaiping Zheng, Jinyang Gao, Kee Yuan Ngiam, etc. Resolving the Bias in Electronic Medical Records. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2171-2180. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098149)


- **STAR: A System for Ticket Analysis and Resolution.**
    > Wubai Zhou, Wei Xue, Ramesh Baral, etc. STAR: A System for Ticket Analysis and Resolution. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2181-2190. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098190)


- **Optimized Cost per Click in Taobao Display Advertising.**
    > Han Zhu, Junqi Jin, Chang Tan, etc. Optimized Cost per Click in Taobao Display Advertising. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 2191-2200. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098134)


- **Efficient Correlated Topic Modeling with Topic Embedding.**
    > Junxian He, Zhiting Hu, Taylor Berg-Kirkpatrick, etc. Efficient Correlated Topic Modeling with Topic Embedding. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 225-233. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098074)


- **Addressing Challenges with Big Data for Media Measurement.**
    > Mainak Mazumdar. Addressing Challenges with Big Data for Media Measurement. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 23. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105814)


- **Accelerating Innovation Through Analogy Mining.**
    > Tom Hope, Joel Chan, Aniket Kittur, etc. Accelerating Innovation Through Analogy Mining. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 235-243. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098038)


- **Communication-Efficient Distributed Block Minimization for Nonlinear Kernel Machines.**
    > Cho-Jui Hsieh, Si Si, Inderjit S. Dhillon. Communication-Efficient Distributed Block Minimization for Nonlinear Kernel Machines. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 245-254. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098080)


- **Machine Learning Software in Practice: Quo Vadis?**
    > Szilárd Pafka. Machine Learning Software in Practice: Quo Vadis? in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 25. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3106683)


- **A Hierarchical Algorithm for Extreme Clustering.**
    > Ari Kobren, Nicholas Monath, Akshay Krishnamurthy, etc. A Hierarchical Algorithm for Extreme Clustering. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 255-264. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098079)


- **Estimating Treatment Effect in the Wild via Differentiated Confounder Balancing.**
    > Kun Kuang, Peng Cui, Bo Li, etc. Estimating Treatment Effect in the Wild via Differentiated Confounder Balancing. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 265-274. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098032)


- **Designing AI at Scale to Power Everyday Life.**
    > Rajesh Parekh. Designing AI at Scale to Power Everyday Life. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 27. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105815)


- **The Selective Labels Problem: Evaluating Algorithmic Predictions in the Presence of Unobservables.**
    > Himabindu Lakkaraju, Jon M. Kleinberg, Jure Leskovec, etc. The Selective Labels Problem: Evaluating Algorithmic Predictions in the Presence of Unobservables. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 275-284. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098066)


- **Constructivism Learning: A Learning Paradigm for Transparent Predictive Analytics.**
    > Xiaoli Li, Jun Huan. Constructivism Learning: A Learning Paradigm for Transparent Predictive Analytics. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 285-294. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097994)


- **Spaceborne Data Enters the Mainstream.**
    > David Potere. Spaceborne Data Enters the Mainstream. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 29. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105811)


- **Is the Whole Greater Than the Sum of Its Parts?**
    > Liangyue Li, Hanghang Tong, Yong Wang, etc. Is the Whole Greater Than the Sum of Its Parts? in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 295-304. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098006)


- **The Future of Data Integration.**
    > Renée J. Miller. The Future of Data Integration. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 3. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105809)


- **Collaborative Variational Autoencoder for Recommender Systems.**
    > Xiaopeng Li, James She. Collaborative Variational Autoencoder for Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 305-314. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098077)


- **Benchmarks and Process Management in Data Science: Will We Ever Get Over the Mess?**
    > Usama M. Fayyad, Arno Candel, Eduardo Ariño de la Rubia, etc. Benchmarks and Process Management in Data Science: Will We Ever Get Over the Mess? in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 31-32. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3120998)


- **Linearized GMM Kernels and Normalized Random Fourier Features.**
    > Ping Li. Linearized GMM Kernels and Normalized Random Fourier Features. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 315-324. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098081)


- **Discrete Content-aware Matrix Factorization.**
    > Defu Lian, Rui Liu, Yong Ge, etc. Discrete Content-aware Matrix Factorization. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 325-334. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098008)


- **The Future of Artificially Intelligent Assistants.**
    > Muthu Muthukrishnan, Andrew Tomkins, Larry P. Heck, etc. The Future of Artificially Intelligent Assistants. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 33-34. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3120999)


- **Effective and Real-time In-App Activity Analysis in Encrypted Internet Traffic Streams.**
    > Junming Liu, Yanjie Fu, Jingci Ming, etc. Effective and Real-time In-App Activity Analysis in Encrypted Internet Traffic Streams. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 335-344. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098049)


- **Functional Annotation of Human Protein Coding Isoforms via Non-convex Multi-Instance Learning.**
    > Tingjin Luo, Weizhong Zhang, Shang Qiu, etc. Functional Annotation of Human Protein Coding Isoforms via Non-convex Multi-Instance Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 345-354. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097984)


- **Learning Certifiably Optimal Rule Lists.**
    > Elaine Angelino, Nicholas Larus-Stone, Daniel Alabi, etc. Learning Certifiably Optimal Rule Lists. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 35-44. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098047)


- **Discovering Reliable Approximate Functional Dependencies.**
    > Panagiotis Mandros, Mario Boley, Jilles Vreeken. Discovering Reliable Approximate Functional Dependencies. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 355-363. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098062)


- **Towards an Optimal Subspace for K-Means.**
    > Dominik Mautz, Wei Ye, Claudia Plant, etc. Towards an Optimal Subspace for K-Means. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 365-373. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097989)


- **SPARTan: Scalable PARAFAC2 for Large &amp; Sparse Data.**
    > Ioakeim Perros, Evangelos E. Papalexakis, Fei Wang, etc. SPARTan: Scalable PARAFAC2 for Large &amp; Sparse Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 375-384. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098014)


- **struc2vec: Learning Node Representations from Structural Identity.**
    > Leonardo Filipe Rodrigues Ribeiro, Pedro H. P. Saverese, Daniel R. Figueiredo. struc2vec: Learning Node Representations from Structural Identity. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 385-394. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098061)


- **Similarity Forests.**
    > Saket Sathe, Charu C. Aggarwal. Similarity Forests. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 395-403. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098046)


- **Online Ranking with Constraints: A Primal-Dual Algorithm and Applications to Web Traffic-Shaping.**
    > Parikshit Shah, Akshay Soni, Troy Chevalier. Online Ranking with Constraints: A Primal-Dual Algorithm and Applications to Web Traffic-Shaping. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 405-414. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098025)


- **On Finding Socially Tenuous Groups for Online Social Networks.**
    > Chih-Ya Shen, Liang-Hao Huang, De-Nian Yang, etc. On Finding Socially Tenuous Groups for Online Social Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 415-424. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097995)


- **PReP: Path-Based Relevance from a Probabilistic Perspective in Heterogeneous Information Networks.**
    > Yu Shi, Po-Wei Chan, Honglei Zhuang, etc. PReP: Path-Based Relevance from a Probabilistic Perspective in Heterogeneous Information Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 425-434. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097990)


- **Multi-Aspect Streaming Tensor Completion.**
    > Qingquan Song, Xiao Huang, Hancheng Ge, etc. Multi-Aspect Streaming Tensor Completion. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 435-443. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098007)


- **Scalable and Sustainable Deep Learning via Randomized Hashing.**
    > Ryan Spring, Anshumali Shrivastava. Scalable and Sustainable Deep Learning via Randomized Hashing. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 445-454. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098035)


- **Improved Degree Bounds and Full Spectrum Power Laws in Preferential Attachment Networks.**
    > Chen Avin, Zvi Lotker, Yinon Nahum, etc. Improved Degree Bounds and Full Spectrum Power Laws in Preferential Attachment Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 45-53. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098012)


- **AnnexML: Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search for Extreme Multi-label Classification.**
    > Yukihiro Tagami. AnnexML: Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search for Extreme Multi-label Classification. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 455-464. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097987)


- **Interpretable Predictions of Tree-based Ensembles via Actionable Feature Tweaking.**
    > Gabriele Tolomei, Fabrizio Silvestri, Andrew Haines, etc. Interpretable Predictions of Tree-based Ensembles via Actionable Feature Tweaking. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 465-474. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098039)


- **Structural Deep Brain Network Mining.**
    > Shen Wang, Lifang He, Bokai Cao, etc. Structural Deep Brain Network Mining. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 475-484. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097988)


- **Randomized Feature Engineering as a Fast and Accurate Alternative to Kernel Methods.**
    > Suhang Wang, Charu C. Aggarwal, Huan Liu. Randomized Feature Engineering as a Fast and Accurate Alternative to Kernel Methods. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 485-494. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098001)


- **Human Mobility Synchronization and Trip Purpose Detection with Mixture of Hawkes Processes.**
    > Pengfei Wang, Yanjie Fu, Guannan Liu, etc. Human Mobility Synchronization and Trip Purpose Detection with Mixture of Hawkes Processes. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 495-503. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098067)


- **Three Principles of Data Science: Predictability, Stability and Computability.**
    > Bin Yu. Three Principles of Data Science: Predictability, Stability and Computability. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 5. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3105808)


- **FORA: Simple and Effective Approximate Single-Source Personalized PageRank.**
    > Sibo Wang, Renchi Yang, Xiaokui Xiao, etc. FORA: Simple and Effective Approximate Single-Source Personalized PageRank. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 505-514. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098072)


- **Large-scale Collaborative Ranking in Near-Linear Time.**
    > Liwei Wu, Cho-Jui Hsieh, James Sharpnack. Large-scale Collaborative Ranking in Near-Linear Time. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 515-524. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098071)


- **HoORaYs: High-order Optimization of Rating Distance for Recommender Systems.**
    > Jingwei Xu, Yuan Yao, Hanghang Tong, etc. HoORaYs: High-order Optimization of Rating Distance for Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 525-534. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098019)


- **Collaboratively Improving Topic Discovery and Word Embeddings by Coordinating Global and Local Contexts.**
    > Guangxu Xun, Yaliang Li, Jing Gao, etc. Collaboratively Improving Topic Discovery and Word Embeddings by Coordinating Global and Local Contexts. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 535-543. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098009)


- **PPDsparse: A Parallel Primal-Dual Sparse Method for Extreme Classification.**
    > Ian En-Hsu Yen, Xiangru Huang, Wei Dai, etc. PPDsparse: A Parallel Primal-Dual Sparse Method for Extreme Classification. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 545-553. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098083)


- **Unsupervised Network Discovery for Brain Imaging Data.**
    > Zilong Bai, Peter B. Walker, Anna E. Tschiffely, etc. Unsupervised Network Discovery for Brain Imaging Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 55-64. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098023)


- **Local Higher-Order Graph Clustering.**
    > Hao Yin, Austin R. Benson, Jure Leskovec, etc. Local Higher-Order Graph Clustering. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 555-564. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098069)


- **Long Short Memory Process: Modeling Growth Dynamics of Microscopic Social Connectivity.**
    > Chengxi Zang, Peng Cui, Christos Faloutsos, etc. Long Short Memory Process: Modeling Growth Dynamics of Microscopic Social Connectivity. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 565-574. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098055)


- **Weisfeiler-Lehman Neural Machine for Link Prediction.**
    > Muhan Zhang, Yixin Chen. Weisfeiler-Lehman Neural Machine for Link Prediction. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 575-583. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097996)


- **EmbedJoin: Efficient Edit Similarity Joins via Embeddings.**
    > Haoyu Zhang, Qin Zhang. EmbedJoin: Efficient Edit Similarity Joins via Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 585-594. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098003)


- **TrioVecEvent: Embedding-Based Online Local Event Detection in Geo-Tagged Tweet Streams.**
    > Chao Zhang, Liyuan Liu, Dongming Lei, etc. TrioVecEvent: Embedding-Based Online Local Event Detection in Geo-Tagged Tweet Streams. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 595-604. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098027)


- **Graph Edge Partitioning via Neighborhood Heuristic.**
    > Chenzi Zhang, Fan Wei, Qin Liu, etc. Graph Edge Partitioning via Neighborhood Heuristic. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 605-614. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098033)


- **Randomization or Condensation?: Linear-Cost Matrix Sketching Via Cascaded Compression Sampling.**
    > Kai Zhang, Chuanren Liu, Jie Zhang, etc. Randomization or Condensation?: Linear-Cost Matrix Sketching Via Cascaded Compression Sampling. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 615-623. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098050)


- **Tracking the Dynamics in Crowdfunding.**
    > Hongke Zhao, Hefu Zhang, Yong Ge, etc. Tracking the Dynamics in Crowdfunding. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 625-634. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098030)


- **Meta-Graph Based Recommendation Fusion over Heterogeneous Information Networks.**
    > Huan Zhao, Quanming Yao, Jianda Li, etc. Meta-Graph Based Recommendation Fusion over Heterogeneous Information Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 635-644. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098063)


- **Coresets for Kernel Regression.**
    > Yan Zheng, Jeff M. Phillips. Coresets for Kernel Regression. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 645-654. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098000)


- **Patient Subtyping via Time-Aware LSTM Networks.**
    > Inci M. Baytas, Cao Xiao, Xi Zhang, etc. Patient Subtyping via Time-Aware LSTM Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 65-74. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097997)


- **A Local Algorithm for Structure-Preserving Graph Cut.**
    > Dawei Zhou, Si Zhang, Mehmet Yigit Yildirim, etc. A Local Algorithm for Structure-Preserving Graph Cut. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 655-664. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098015)


- **Anomaly Detection with Robust Deep Autoencoders.**
    > Chong Zhou, Randy C. Paffenroth. Anomaly Detection with Robust Deep Autoencoders. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 665-674. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098052)


- **Effective Evaluation Using Logged Bandit Feedback from Multiple Loggers.**
    > Aman Agarwal, Soumya Basu, Tobias Schnabel, etc. Effective Evaluation Using Logged Bandit Feedback from Multiple Loggers. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 687-696. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098155)


- **Tripoles: A New Class of Relationships in Time Series Data.**
    > Saurabh Agrawal, Gowtham Atluri, Anuj Karpatne, etc. Tripoles: A New Class of Relationships in Time Series Data. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 697-706. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098099)


- **Foreword to the Applied Data Science: Invited Talks Track at KDD-2017.**
    > Usama M. Fayyad, Evangelos Simoudis, Ashok Srivastava. Foreword to the Applied Data Science: Invited Talks Track at KDD-2017. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 7-8. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3121426)


- **Post Processing Recommender Systems for Diversity.**
    > Arda Antikacioglu, R. Ravi. Post Processing Recommender Systems for Diversity. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 707-716. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098173)


- **Aspect Based Recommendations: Recommending Items with the Most Valuable Aspects Based on User Reviews.**
    > Konstantin Bauman, Bing Liu, Alexander Tuzhilin. Aspect Based Recommendations: Recommending Items with the Most Valuable Aspects Based on User Reviews. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 717-725. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098170)


- **Bolt: Accelerated Data Mining with Fast Vector Compression.**
    > Davis W. Blalock, John V. Guttag. Bolt: Accelerated Data Mining with Fast Vector Compression. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 727-735. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098195)


- **Robust Spectral Clustering for Noisy Data: Modeling Sparse Corruptions Improves Latent Embeddings.**
    > Aleksandar Bojchevski, Yves Matkovic, Stephan Günnemann. Robust Spectral Clustering for Noisy Data: Modeling Sparse Corruptions Improves Latent Embeddings. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 737-746. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098156)


- **DeepMood: Modeling Mobile Phone Typing Dynamics for Mood Detection.**
    > Bokai Cao, Lei Zheng, Chenwei Zhang, etc. DeepMood: Modeling Mobile Phone Typing Dynamics for Mood Detection. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 747-755. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098086)


- **Robust Top-k Multiclass SVM for Visual Category Recognition.**
    > Xiaojun Chang, Yaoliang Yu, Yi Yang. Robust Top-k Multiclass SVM for Visual Category Recognition. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 75-83. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097991)


- **Fast Newton Hard Thresholding Pursuit for Sparsity Constrained Nonconvex Optimization.**
    > Jinghui Chen, Quanquan Gu. Fast Newton Hard Thresholding Pursuit for Sparsity Constrained Nonconvex Optimization. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 757-766. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098165)


- **On Sampling Strategies for Neural Network-based Collaborative Filtering.**
    > Ting Chen, Yizhou Sun, Yue Shi, etc. On Sampling Strategies for Neural Network-based Collaborative Filtering. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 767-776. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098202)


- **Unsupervised Feature Selection in Signed Social Networks.**
    > Kewei Cheng, Jundong Li, Huan Liu. Unsupervised Feature Selection in Signed Social Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 777-786. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098106)


- **GRAM: Graph-based Attention Model for Healthcare Representation Learning.**
    > Edward Choi, Mohammad Taha Bahadori, Le Song, etc. GRAM: Graph-based Attention Model for Healthcare Representation Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 787-795. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098126)


- **Algorithmic Decision Making and the Cost of Fairness.**
    > Sam Corbett-Davies, Emma Pierson, Avi Feller, etc. Algorithmic Decision Making and the Cost of Fairness. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 797-806. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098095)


- **Structural Diversity and Homophily: A Study Across More Than One Hundred Big Networks.**
    > Yuxiao Dong, Reid A. Johnson, Jian Xu, etc. Structural Diversity and Homophily: A Study Across More Than One Hundred Big Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 807-816. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098116)


- **Revisiting Power-law Distributions in Spectra of Real World Networks.**
    > Nicole Eikmeier, David F. Gleich. Revisiting Power-law Distributions in Spectra of Real World Networks. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 817-826. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098128)


- **REMIX: Automated Exploration for Interactive Outlier Detection.**
    > Yanjie Fu, Charu C. Aggarwal, Srinivasan Parthasarathy, etc. REMIX: Automated Exploration for Interactive Outlier Detection. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 827-835. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098154)


- **Anarchists, Unite: Practical Entropy Approximation for Distributed Streams.**
    > Moshe Gabel, Daniel Keren, Assaf Schuster. Anarchists, Unite: Practical Entropy Approximation for Distributed Streams. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 837-846. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098092)


- **Recurrent Poisson Factorization for Temporal Recommendation.**
    > Seyyed Abbas Hosseini, Keivan Alizadeh, Ali Khodadadi, etc. Recurrent Poisson Factorization for Temporal Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 847-855. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098197)


- **KATE: K-Competitive Autoencoder for Text.**
    > Yu Chen, Mohammed J. Zaki. KATE: K-Competitive Autoencoder for Text. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 85-94. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098017)


- **SPOT: Sparse Optimal Transformations for High Dimensional Variable Selection and Exploratory Regression Analysis.**
    > Qiming Huang, Michael Zhu. SPOT: Sparse Optimal Transformations for High Dimensional Variable Selection and Exploratory Regression Analysis. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 857-865. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098091)


- **Incremental Dual-memory LSTM in Land Cover Prediction.**
    > Xiaowei Jia, Ankush Khandelwal, Guruprasad Nayak, etc. Incremental Dual-memory LSTM in Land Cover Prediction. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 867-876. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098112)


- **MetaPAD: Meta Pattern Discovery from Massive Text Corpora.**
    > Meng Jiang, Jingbo Shang, Taylor Cassidy, etc. MetaPAD: Meta Pattern Discovery from Massive Text Corpora. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 877-886. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098105)


- **Federated Tensor Factorization for Computational Phenotyping.**
    > Yejin Kim, Jimeng Sun, Hwanjo Yu, etc. Federated Tensor Factorization for Computational Phenotyping. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 887-895. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098118)


- **Statistical Emerging Pattern Mining with Multiple Testing Correction.**
    > Junpei Komiyama, Masakazu Ishihata, Hiroki Arimura, etc. Statistical Emerging Pattern Mining with Multiple Testing Correction. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 897-906. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098137)


- **More than the Sum of its Parts: Building Domino Data Lab.**
    > Eduardo Ariño de la Rubia. More than the Sum of its Parts: Building Domino Data Lab. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 9. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3106682)


- **Semi-Supervised Techniques for Mining Learning Outcomes and Prerequisites.**
    > Igor Labutov, Yun Huang, Peter Brusilovsky, etc. Semi-Supervised Techniques for Mining Learning Outcomes and Prerequisites. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 907-915. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098187)


- **Prospecting the Career Development of Talents: A Survival Analysis Perspective.**
    > Huayu Li, Yong Ge, Hengshu Zhu, etc. Prospecting the Career Development of Talents: A Survival Analysis Perspective. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 917-925. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098107)


- **A Context-aware Attention Network for Interactive Question Answering.**
    > Huayu Li, Martin Renqiang Min, Yong Ge, etc. A Context-aware Attention Network for Interactive Question Answering. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 927-935. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098115)


- **Distributed Multi-Task Relationship Learning.**
    > Sulin Liu, Sinno Jialin Pan, Qirong Ho. Distributed Multi-Task Relationship Learning. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 937-946. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098136)


- **Point-of-Interest Demand Modeling with Human Mobility Patterns.**
    > Yanchi Liu, Chuanren Liu, Xinjiang Lu, etc. Point-of-Interest Demand Modeling with Human Mobility Patterns. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 947-955. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098168)


- **A Minimal Variance Estimator for the Cardinality of Big Data Set Intersection.**
    > Reuven Cohen, Liran Katzir, Aviv Yehezkel. A Minimal Variance Estimator for the Cardinality of Big Data Set Intersection. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 95-103. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3097999)


- **Functional Zone Based Hierarchical Demand Prediction For Bike System Expansion.**
    > Junming Liu, Leilei Sun, Qiao Li, etc. Functional Zone Based Hierarchical Demand Prediction For Bike System Expansion. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 957-966. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098180)


- **Unsupervised Discovery of Drug Side-Effects from Heterogeneous Data Sources.**
    > Fenglong Ma, Chuishi Meng, Houping Xiao, etc. Unsupervised Discovery of Drug Side-Effects from Heterogeneous Data Sources. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 967-976. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098129)


- **Let&apos;s See Your Digits: Anomalous-State Detection using Benford&apos;s Law.**
    > Samuel Maurus, Claudia Plant. Let&apos;s See Your Digits: Anomalous-State Detection using Benford&apos;s Law. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 977-986. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098101)


- **Mixture Factorized Ornstein-Uhlenbeck Processes for Time-Series Forecasting.**
    > Guo-Jun Qi, Jiliang Tang, Jingdong Wang, etc. Mixture Factorized Ornstein-Uhlenbeck Processes for Time-Series Forecasting. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 987-995. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098113)


- **Automatic Synonym Discovery with Knowledge Bases.**
    > Meng Qu, Xiang Ren, Jiawei Han. Automatic Synonym Discovery with Knowledge Bases. in Proceedings of the 23rd ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Halifax, NS, Canada, August 13 - 17, 2017(KDD' 17). 997-1005. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3097983.3098185)
