
- **After Twenty-Five Years of User Modeling and Adaptation...What Makes us UMAP?**
    > Paul De Bra. After Twenty-Five Years of User Modeling and Adaptation...What Makes us UMAP? in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079662)


- **Probabilistic Perspectives on Collecting Human Uncertainty in Predictive Data Mining.**
    > Kevin Jasberg, Sergej Sizov. Probabilistic Perspectives on Collecting Human Uncertainty in Predictive Data Mining. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 104-112. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079675)


- **User Perception of Next-Track Music Recommendations.**
    > Iman Kamehkhosh, Dietmar Jannach. User Perception of Next-Track Music Recommendations. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 113-121. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079668)


- **&quot;Personal Social Dashboard&quot;: A Tool for Measuring Your Social Engagement Effectiveness in the Enterprise.**
    > Shiri Kremer-Davidson, Inbal Ronen, Avi Kaplan, etc. &quot;Personal Social Dashboard&quot;: A Tool for Measuring Your Social Engagement Effectiveness in the Enterprise. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 122-130. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079664)


- **Long and Short-Term Recommendations with Recurrent Neural Networks.**
    > Robin Devooght, Hugues Bersini. Long and Short-Term Recommendations with Recurrent Neural Networks. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 13-21. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079670)


- **Adaptive City Characteristics: How Location Familiarity Changes What Is Regionally Descriptive.**
    > Vikas Kumar, Saeideh Bakhshi, Lyndon Kennedy, etc. Adaptive City Characteristics: How Location Familiarity Changes What Is Regionally Descriptive. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 131-139. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079665)


- **Investigating the Impact of Personality and Cognitive Efficiency on the Selection of Exercises for Learners.**
    > Juliet Okpo, Judith Masthoff, Matt Dennis, etc. Investigating the Impact of Personality and Cognitive Efficiency on the Selection of Exercises for Learners. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 140-147. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079674)


- **Imputing KCs with Representations of Problem Content and Context.**
    > Zachary A. Pardos, Anant Dadu. Imputing KCs with Representations of Problem Content and Context. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 148-155. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079689)


- **Experimental Analysis of Mastery Learning Criteria.**
    > Radek Pelánek, Jirí Rihák. Experimental Analysis of Mastery Learning Criteria. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 156-163. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079667)


- **Using Eye Gaze Data and Visual Activities to Infer Human Cognitive Styles: Method and Feasibility Studies.**
    > George E. Raptis, Christina P. Katsini, Marios Belk, etc. Using Eye Gaze Data and Visual Activities to Infer Human Cognitive Styles: Method and Feasibility Studies. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 164-173. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079690)


- **Group Recommendations by Learning Rating Behavior.**
    > Dimitris Sacharidis. Group Recommendations by Learning Rating Behavior. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 174-182. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079691)


- **Let&apos;s Dance: How to Build a User Model for Dance Students Using Wearable Technology.**
    > Augusto Dias Pereira dos Santos, Kalina Yacef, Roberto Martínez Maldonado. Let&apos;s Dance: How to Build a User Model for Dance Students Using Wearable Technology. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 183-191. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079673)


- **Enhancing Student Models in Game-based Learning with Facial Expression Recognition.**
    > Robert Sawyer, Andy Smith, Jonathan P. Rowe, etc. Enhancing Student Models in Game-based Learning with Facial Expression Recognition. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 192-201. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079686)


- **I&apos;ll be Watching You: Policing the Line between Personalization and Privacy.**
    > Jennifer Golbeck. I&apos;ll be Watching You: Policing the Line between Personalization and Privacy. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079661)


- **A Deep Architecture for Content-based Recommendations Exploiting Recurrent Neural Networks.**
    > Alessandro Suglia, Claudio Greco, Cataldo Musto, etc. A Deep Architecture for Content-based Recommendations Exploiting Recurrent Neural Networks. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 202-211. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079684)


- **Measuring Student Behaviour Dynamics in a Large Interactive Classroom Setting.**
    > Vasileios Triglianos, Sambit Praharaj, Cesare Pautasso, etc. Measuring Student Behaviour Dynamics in a Large Interactive Classroom Setting. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 212-220. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079671)


- **Using Learning Analytics to Devise Interactive Personalised Nudges for Active Video Watching.**
    > Vania Dimitrova, Antonija Mitrovic, Alicja Piotrkowicz, etc. Using Learning Analytics to Devise Interactive Personalised Nudges for Active Video Watching. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 22-31. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079683)


- **Inferring Contextual Preferences Using Deep Auto-Encoding.**
    > Moshe Unger, Bracha Shapira, Lior Rokach, etc. Inferring Contextual Preferences Using Deep Auto-Encoding. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 221-229. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079666)


- **Weighted Random Walk Sampling for Multi-Relational Recommendation.**
    > Fatemeh Vahedian, Robin D. Burke, Bamshad Mobasher. Weighted Random Walk Sampling for Multi-Relational Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 230-237. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079685)


- **Inferring Students&apos; Sense of Community from Their Communication Behavior in Online Courses.**
    > Wen Wu, Li Chen, Qingchang Yang. Inferring Students&apos; Sense of Community from Their Communication Behavior in Online Courses. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 238-246. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079678)


- **Towards a Long Term Model of Virtual Reality Exergame Exertion.**
    > SooJeong Yoo, Tristan Heywood, Lie Ming Tang, etc. Towards a Long Term Model of Virtual Reality Exergame Exertion. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 247-255. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079679)


- **Get to the Bottom: Causal Analysis for User Modeling.**
    > Shi Zong, Branislav Kveton, Shlomo Berkovsky, etc. Get to the Bottom: Causal Analysis for User Modeling. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 256-264. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079688)


- **Interactive Prior Elicitation of Feature Similarities for Small Sample Size Prediction.**
    > Homayun Afrabandpey, Tomi Peltola, Samuel Kaski. Interactive Prior Elicitation of Feature Similarities for Small Sample Size Prediction. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 265-269. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079698)


- **An Analysis on Time- and Session-aware Diversification in Recommender Systems.**
    > Vito Walter Anelli, Vito Bellini, Tommaso Di Noia, etc. An Analysis on Time- and Session-aware Diversification in Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 270-274. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079703)


- **Deriving Item Features Relevance from Past User Interactions.**
    > Leonardo Cella, Stefano Cereda, Massimo Quadrana, etc. Deriving Item Features Relevance from Past User Interactions. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 275-279. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079695)


- **A Clustering Approach for Personalizing Diversity in Collaborative Recommender Systems.**
    > Farzad Eskandanian, Bamshad Mobasher, Robin Burke. A Clustering Approach for Personalizing Diversity in Collaborative Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 280-284. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079699)


- **Personality Traits and Music Genres: What Do People Prefer to Listen To?**
    > Bruce Ferwerda, Marko Tkalcic, Markus Schedl. Personality Traits and Music Genres: What Do People Prefer to Listen To? in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 285-288. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079693)


- **Improving Cold Start Recommendation by Mapping Feature-Based Preferences to Item Comparisons.**
    > Saikishore Kalloori, Francesco Ricci. Improving Cold Start Recommendation by Mapping Feature-Based Preferences to Item Comparisons. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 289-293. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079696)


- **The Force Within: Recommendations Via Gravitational Attraction Between Items.**
    > Vikas Kumar, Saeideh Bakhshi, Lyndon Kennedy, etc. The Force Within: Recommendations Via Gravitational Attraction Between Items. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 294-297. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079694)


- **Encoding User as More Than the Sum of Their Parts: Recurrent Neural Networks and Word Embedding for People-to-people Recommendation.**
    > Antoine Lefebvre-Brossard, Alexandre Spaeth, Michel C. Desmarais. Encoding User as More Than the Sum of Their Parts: Recurrent Neural Networks and Word Embedding for People-to-people Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 298-302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079700)


- **Emotion Analysis in Natural Language.**
    > Pearl Pu. Emotion Analysis in Natural Language. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 3. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079660)


- **Multilingual Search User Behaviors - Exploring Multilingual Querying and Result Selection Through Crowdsourcing.**
    > Ryan Lowe, Ben Steichen. Multilingual Search User Behaviors - Exploring Multilingual Querying and Result Selection Through Crowdsourcing. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 303-307. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079702)


- **Modelling Embodied Mobility Teamwork Strategies in a Simulation-Based Healthcare Classroom.**
    > Roberto Martínez Maldonado, Mykola Pechenizkiy, Simon Buckingham Shum, etc. Modelling Embodied Mobility Teamwork Strategies in a Simulation-Based Healthcare Classroom. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 308-312. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079697)


- **Providing Control and Transparency in a Social Recommender System for Academic Conferences.**
    > Chun-Hua Tsai, Peter Brusilovsky. Providing Control and Transparency in a Social Recommender System for Academic Conferences. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 313-317. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079701)


- **Towards Improving E-commerce Users Experience Using Personalization &amp; Persuasive Technology.**
    > Ifeoma Adaji. Towards Improving E-commerce Users Experience Using Personalization &amp; Persuasive Technology. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 318-321. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079707)


- **A Multi-Armed Bandit Model Selection for Cold-Start User Recommendation.**
    > Crícia Z. Felício, Klérisson V. R. Paixão, Célia A. Zorzo Barcelos, etc. A Multi-Armed Bandit Model Selection for Cold-Start User Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 32-40. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079681)


- **Analyzing the Impact of Social Connections on Rating Behavior in Social Recommender Systems.**
    > Carine Pierrette Mukamakuza. Analyzing the Impact of Social Connections on Rating Behavior in Social Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 322-326. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079706)


- **Personalized Research Paper Recommendation using Deep Learning.**
    > Hebatallah A. Mohamed Hassan. Personalized Research Paper Recommendation using Deep Learning. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 327-330. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079708)


- **Conversational Group Recommender Systems.**
    > Thuy Ngoc Nguyen. Conversational Group Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 331-334. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079704)


- **Smart Technology for Supporting Dance Education.**
    > Augusto Dias Pereira dos Santos. Smart Technology for Supporting Dance Education. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 335-338. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079709)


- **Harnessing Virtual Reality Exergames and Physical Fitness Sensing to Create a Personalised Game and Dashboard.**
    > SooJeong Yoo. Harnessing Virtual Reality Exergames and Physical Fitness Sensing to Create a Personalised Game and Dashboard. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 339-342. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079710)


- **Modelling User Behaviour based on Process.**
    > Mengdie Zhuang. Modelling User Behaviour based on Process. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 343-346. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079705)


- **Recommender Systems as Multistakeholder Environments.**
    > Himan Abdollahpouri, Robin Burke, Bamshad Mobasher. Recommender Systems as Multistakeholder Environments. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 347-348. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079657)


- **Towards Understanding Users&apos; Motivation in a Q&amp;A Social Network Using Social Influence and the Moderation by Culture.**
    > Ifeoma Adaji, Julita Vassileva. Towards Understanding Users&apos; Motivation in a Q&amp;A Social Network Using Social Influence and the Moderation by Culture. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 349-350. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079652)


- **Harvesting Entity-relation Social Networks from the Web: Potential and Challenges.**
    > Saeed Amal, Tsvi Kuflik, Einat Minkov. Harvesting Entity-relation Social Networks from the Web: Potential and Challenges. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 351-352. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079656)


- **Enhancing Collaborative Filtering with Friendship Information.**
    > Liliana Ardissono, Maurizio Ferrero, Giovanna Petrone, etc. Enhancing Collaborative Filtering with Friendship Information. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 353-354. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079629)


- **Combining Supervised and Unsupervised Learning to Discover Emotional Classes.**
    > Miguel Arevalillo-Herráez, Aladdin Ayesh, Olga C. Santos, etc. Combining Supervised and Unsupervised Learning to Discover Emotional Classes. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 355-356. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079630)


- **The Adaptation of an Individual&apos;s Satisfaction to Group Context: the Role of Ties Strength and Conflicts.**
    > Francesco Barile, Judith Masthoff, Silvia Rossi. The Adaptation of an Individual&apos;s Satisfaction to Group Context: the Role of Ties Strength and Conflicts. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 357-358. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079643)


- **The Influence of City Size on Dietary Choices and Food Recommendation.**
    > Hao Cheng, Markus Rokicki, Eelco Herder. The Influence of City Size on Dietary Choices and Food Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 359-360. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079641)


- **Behavioral Patterns Mining for Online Time Personalization.**
    > Tomas Chovanak, Ondrej Kassák, Mária Bieliková. Behavioral Patterns Mining for Online Time Personalization. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 361-362. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079631)


- **Modeling the Dynamics of Online News Reading Interests.**
    > Elena Viorica Epure, Benjamin Kille, Jon Espen Ingvaldsen, etc. Modeling the Dynamics of Online News Reading Interests. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 363-364. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079636)


- **User Verification on Mobile Devices Using Sequences of Touch Gestures.**
    > Liron Ben Kimon, Yisroel Mirsky, Lior Rokach, etc. User Verification on Mobile Devices Using Sequences of Touch Gestures. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 365-366. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079644)


- **User Modeling for the Internet of Things.**
    > Bob Kummerfeld, Judy Kay. User Modeling for the Internet of Things. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 367-368. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079658)


- **Impact of Individual Differences on User Experience with a Real-World Visualization Interface for Public Engagement.**
    > Sébastien Lallé, Cristina Conati, Giuseppe Carenini. Impact of Individual Differences on User Experience with a Real-World Visualization Interface for Public Engagement. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 369-370. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079634)


- **Are Item Attributes a Good Alternative to Context Elicitation in Recommender Systems?**
    > Amaury L&apos;Huillier, Sylvain Castagnos, Anne Boyer. Are Item Attributes a Good Alternative to Context Elicitation in Recommender Systems? in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 371-372. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079651)


- **Item Contents Good, User Tags Better: Empirical Evaluation of a Food Recommender System.**
    > David Massimo, Mehdi Elahi, Mouzhi Ge, etc. Item Contents Good, User Tags Better: Empirical Evaluation of a Food Recommender System. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 373-374. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079640)


- **A Hybrid Recommendation Framework Exploiting Linked Open Data and Graph-based Features.**
    > Cataldo Musto, Giovanni Semeraro, Marco de Gemmis, etc. A Hybrid Recommendation Framework Exploiting Linked Open Data and Graph-based Features. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 375-376. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079653)


- **Combining Long-term and Discussion-generated Preferences in Group Recommendations.**
    > Thuy Ngoc Nguyen, Francesco Ricci. Combining Long-term and Discussion-generated Preferences in Group Recommendations. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 377-378. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079645)


- **Evaluation of Learners&apos; Adjustment of Question Difficulty in Adaptive Practice of Facts.**
    > Jan Papousek, Radek Pelánek. Evaluation of Learners&apos; Adjustment of Question Difficulty in Adaptive Practice of Facts. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 379-380. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079642)


- **An Evaluation of Learning-to-Rank Methods for Lurking Behavior Analysis.**
    > Diego Perna, Andrea Tagarelli. An Evaluation of Learning-to-Rank Methods for Lurking Behavior Analysis. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 381-382. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079650)


- **Learning Inclination to Empathy from Social Media Footprints.**
    > Marco Polignano, Pierpaolo Basile, Gaetano Rossiello, etc. Learning Inclination to Empathy from Social Media Footprints. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 383-384. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079639)


- **Using System Dynamics to Model Student Performance in an Intelligent Tutoring System.**
    > María T. Sanz, David Arnau, José Antonio González-Calero, etc. Using System Dynamics to Model Student Performance in an Intelligent Tutoring System. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 385-386. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079635)


- **Measuring Bias in News Websites, Towards a Model for Personalization.**
    > Brendan Spillane, Séamus Lawless, Vincent Wade. Measuring Bias in News Websites, Towards a Model for Personalization. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 387-388. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079647)


- **A Unified Latent Factor Model for Effective Category-Aware Recommendation.**
    > Zhu Sun, Guibing Guo, Jie Zhang, etc. A Unified Latent Factor Model for Effective Category-Aware Recommendation. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 389-390. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079649)


- **Sequences of Diverse Song Recommendations: An Exploratory Study in a Commercial System.**
    > Nava Tintarev, Christoph Lofi, Cynthia C. S. Liem. Sequences of Diverse Song Recommendations: An Exploratory Study in a Commercial System. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 391-392. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079633)


- **A Personalized Global Filter To Predict Retweets.**
    > Michail Vougioukas, Ion Androutsopoulos, Georgios Paliouras. A Personalized Global Filter To Predict Retweets. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 393-394. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079655)


- **User Expertise Inference on Twitter: Learning from Multiple Types of User Data.**
    > Yu Xu, Dong Zhou, Séamus Lawless. User Expertise Inference on Twitter: Learning from Multiple Types of User Data. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 395-396. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079646)


- **A Neural Time Series Forecasting Model for User Interests Prediction On Twitter.**
    > Lemei Zhang, Peng Liu, Jon Atle Gulla. A Neural Time Series Forecasting Model for User Interests Prediction On Twitter. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 397-398. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079648)


- **Indirect Context Suggestion.**
    > Yong Zheng. Indirect Context Suggestion. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 399-400. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079654)


- **Nudge your Workforce: A Study on the Effectiveness of Task Notification Strategies in Enterprise Mobile Crowdsourcing.**
    > Sarah Bashirieh, Sepideh Mesbah, Judith Redi, etc. Nudge your Workforce: A Study on the Effectiveness of Task Notification Strategies in Enterprise Mobile Crowdsourcing. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 4-12. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079692)


- **Fine-Grained Open Learner Models: Complexity Versus Support.**
    > Julio Daniel Guerra Hollstein, Jordan Barria-Pineda, Christian D. Schunn, etc. Fine-Grained Open Learner Models: Complexity Versus Support. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 41-49. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079682)


- **Where To Go Next?: Exploiting Behavioral User Models in Smart Environments.**
    > Seyyed Hadi Hashemi, Jaap Kamps. Where To Go Next?: Exploiting Behavioral User Models in Smart Environments. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 50-58. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079687)


- **A New Statistical Density Clustering Algorithm based on Mutual Vote and Subjective Logic Applied to Recommender Systems.**
    > Charif Haydar, Anne Boyer. A New Statistical Density Clustering Algorithm based on Mutual Vote and Subjective Logic Applied to Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 59-66. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079676)


- **RouteMe: A Mobile Recommender System for Personalized, Multi-Modal Route Planning.**
    > Daniel Herzog, Hesham Massoud, Wolfgang Wörndl. RouteMe: A Mobile Recommender System for Personalized, Multi-Modal Route Planning. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 67-75. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079680)


- **Stereotype Modeling for Problem-Solving Performance Predictions in MOOCs and Traditional Courses.**
    > Roya Hosseini, Peter Brusilovsky, Michael Yudelson, etc. Stereotype Modeling for Problem-Solving Performance Predictions in MOOCs and Traditional Courses. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 76-84. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079672)


- **Learner Modeling for Integration Skills.**
    > Yun Huang, Julio Daniel Guerra Hollstein, Jordan Barria-Pineda, etc. Learner Modeling for Integration Skills. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 85-93. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079677)


- **&quot;Out of the Fr-Eye-ing Pan&quot;: Towards Gaze-Based Models of Attention during Learning with Technology in the Classroom.**
    > Stephen Hutt, Caitlin Mills, Nigel Bosch, etc. &quot;Out of the Fr-Eye-ing Pan&quot;: Towards Gaze-Based Models of Attention during Learning with Technology in the Classroom. in Proceedings of the 25th Conference on User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization, UMAP 2017, Bratislava, Slovakia, July 09 - 12, 2017(UMAP' 17). 94-103. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3079628.3079669)
