
- **Attending to What Matters.**
    > Jaime Teevan. Attending to What Matters. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290623)


- **Responsible Data Science.**
    > H. V. Jagadish. Responsible Data Science. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291287)


- **Alexa Everywhere: AI for Daily Convenience.**
    > Rohit Prasad. Alexa Everywhere: AI for Daily Convenience. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 3. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291377)


- **Privacy-Preserving WSDM.**
    > Aleksandra Korolova. Privacy-Preserving WSDM. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 4. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291385)


- **Reinforcement Learning to Rank.**
    > Maarten de Rijke. Reinforcement Learning to Rank. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 5. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291605)


- **Fast Dictionary-Based Compression for Inverted Indexes.**
    > Giulio Ermanno Pibiri, Matthias Petri, Alistair Moffat. Fast Dictionary-Based Compression for Inverted Indexes. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 6-14. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290962)


- **Joint Optimization of Cascade Ranking Models.**
    > Luke Gallagher, Ruey-Cheng Chen, Roi Blanco, etc. Joint Optimization of Cascade Ranking Models. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 15-23. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290986)


- **WassRank: Listwise Document Ranking Using Optimal Transport Theory.**
    > Haitao Yu, Adam Jatowt, Hideo Joho, etc. WassRank: Listwise Document Ranking Using Optimal Transport Theory. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 24-32. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291006)


- **MSA: Jointly Detecting Drug Name and Adverse Drug Reaction Mentioning Tweets with Multi-Head Self-Attention.**
    > Chuhan Wu, Fangzhao Wu, Zhigang Yuan, etc. MSA: Jointly Detecting Drug Name and Adverse Drug Reaction Mentioning Tweets with Multi-Head Self-Attention. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 33-41. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290980)


- **Integrating Local Context and Global Cohesiveness for Open Information Extraction.**
    > Qi Zhu, Xiang Ren, Jingbo Shang, etc. Integrating Local Context and Global Cohesiveness for Open Information Extraction. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 42-50. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291030)


- **Knowledge Graph Enhanced Community Detection and Characterization.**
    > Shreyansh P. Bhatt, Swati Padhee, Amit P. Sheth, etc. Knowledge Graph Enhanced Community Detection and Characterization. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 51-59. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291031)


- **Representation Interpretation with Spatial Encoding and Multimodal Analytics.**
    > Ninghao Liu, Mengnan Du, Xia Hu. Representation Interpretation with Spatial Encoding and Multimodal Analytics. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 60-68. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290960)


- **CORALS: Who Are My Potential New Customers? Tapping into the Wisdom of Customers&apos; Decisions.**
    > Ruirui Li, Jyun-Yu Jiang, Chelsea J.-T. Ju, etc. CORALS: Who Are My Potential New Customers? Tapping into the Wisdom of Customers&apos; Decisions. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 69-77. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290995)


- **Lightweight Lexical and Semantic Evidence for Detecting Classes Among Wikipedia Articles.**
    > Marius Pasca, Travis Wolfe. Lightweight Lexical and Semantic Evidence for Detecting Classes Among Wikipedia Articles. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 78-86. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291020)


- **ExFaKT: A Framework for Explaining Facts over Knowledge Graphs and Text.**
    > Mohamed H. Gad-Elrab, Daria Stepanova, Jacopo Urbani, etc. ExFaKT: A Framework for Explaining Facts over Knowledge Graphs and Text. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 87-95. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290996)


- **Interaction Embeddings for Prediction and Explanation in Knowledge Graphs.**
    > Wen Zhang, Bibek Paudel, Wei Zhang, etc. Interaction Embeddings for Prediction and Explanation in Knowledge Graphs. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 96-104. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291014)


- **Knowledge Graph Embedding Based Question Answering.**
    > Xiao Huang, Jingyuan Zhang, Dingcheng Li, etc. Knowledge Graph Embedding Based Question Answering. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 105-113. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290956)


- **Relevance Search over Schema-Rich Knowledge Graphs.**
    > Yu Gu, Tianshuo Zhou, Gong Cheng, etc. Relevance Search over Schema-Rich Knowledge Graphs. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 114-122. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290970)


- **A State Transition Model for Mobile Notifications via Survival Analysis.**
    > Yiping Yuan, Jing Zhang, Shaunak Chatterjee, etc. A State Transition Model for Mobile Notifications via Survival Analysis. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 123-131. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290981)


- **Clustered Monotone Transforms for Rating Factorization.**
    > Gaurush Hiranandani, Raghav Somani, Oluwasanmi Koyejo, etc. Clustered Monotone Transforms for Rating Factorization. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 132-140. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291005)


- **Sparsemax and Relaxed Wasserstein for Topic Sparsity.**
    > Tianyi Lin, Zhiyue Hu, Xin Guo. Sparsemax and Relaxed Wasserstein for Topic Sparsity. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 141-149. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290957)


- **RecWalk: Nearly Uncoupled Random Walks for Top-N Recommendation.**
    > Athanasios N. Nikolakopoulos, George Karypis. RecWalk: Nearly Uncoupled Random Walks for Top-N Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 150-158. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291016)


- **Modeling Temporal Evidence from External Collections.**
    > Flávio Martins, João Magalhães, Jamie Callan. Modeling Temporal Evidence from External Collections. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 159-167. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290966)


- **Asynchronous Training of Word Embeddings for Large Text Corpora.**
    > Avishek Anand, Megha Khosla, Jaspreet Singh, etc. Asynchronous Training of Word Embeddings for Large Text Corpora. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 168-176. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291011)


- **Social Attentional Memory Network: Modeling Aspect- and Friend-Level Differences in Recommendation.**
    > Chong Chen, Min Zhang, Yiqun Liu, etc. Social Attentional Memory Network: Modeling Aspect- and Friend-Level Differences in Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 177-185. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290982)


- **Uncovering Hidden Structure in Sequence Data via Threading Recurrent Models.**
    > Manzil Zaheer, Amr Ahmed, Yuan Wang, etc. Uncovering Hidden Structure in Sequence Data via Threading Recurrent Models. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 186-194. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291036)


- **Neural Based Statement Classification for Biased Language.**
    > Christoph Hube, Besnik Fetahu. Neural Based Statement Classification for Biased Language. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 195-203. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291018)


- **Enabling Privacy-Preserving Sharing of Genomic Data for GWASs in Decentralized Networks.**
    > Yanjun Zhang, Xin Zhao, Xue Li, etc. Enabling Privacy-Preserving Sharing of Genomic Data for GWASs in Decentralized Networks. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 204-212. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290983)


- **Protecting User Privacy: An Approach for Untraceable Web Browsing History and Unambiguous User Profiles.**
    > Ghazaleh Beigi, Ruocheng Guo, Alexander Nou, etc. Protecting User Privacy: An Approach for Untraceable Web Browsing History and Unambiguous User Profiles. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 213-221. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291026)


- **Spiral of Silence in Recommender Systems.**
    > Dugang Liu, Chen Lin, Zhilin Zhang, etc. Spiral of Silence in Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 222-230. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291003)


- **Fighting Fire with Fire: Using Antidote Data to Improve Polarization and Fairness of Recommender Systems.**
    > Bashir Rastegarpanah, Krishna P. Gummadi, Mark Crovella. Fighting Fire with Fire: Using Antidote Data to Improve Polarization and Fairness of Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 231-239. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291002)


- **FAIRY: A Framework for Understanding Relationships Between Users&apos; Actions and their Social Feeds.**
    > Azin Ghazimatin, Rishiraj Saha Roy, Gerhard Weikum. FAIRY: A Framework for Understanding Relationships Between Users&apos; Actions and their Social Feeds. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 240-248. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290990)


- **Federated Online Learning to Rank with Evolution Strategies.**
    > Eugene Kharitonov. Federated Online Learning to Rank with Evolution Strategies. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 249-257. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290968)


- **On the Complexity of Opinions and Online Discussions.**
    > Utkarsh Upadhyay, Abir De, Aasish Pappu, etc. On the Complexity of Opinions and Online Discussions. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 258-266. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290965)


- **Multi-Representation Fusion Network for Multi-Turn Response Selection in Retrieval-Based Chatbots.**
    > Chongyang Tao, Wei Wu, Can Xu, etc. Multi-Representation Fusion Network for Multi-Turn Response Selection in Retrieval-Based Chatbots. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 267-275. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290985)


- **More Than Just Words: Modeling Non-Textual Characteristics of Podcasts.**
    > Longqi Yang, Yu Wang, Drew Dunne, etc. More Than Just Words: Modeling Non-Textual Characteristics of Podcasts. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 276-284. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290993)


- **Attitude Detection for One-Round Conversation: Jointly Extracting Target-Polarity Pairs.**
    > Zhaohao Zeng, Ruihua Song, Pingping Lin, etc. Attitude Detection for One-Round Conversation: Jointly Extracting Target-Polarity Pairs. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 285-293. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291038)


- **Sampling Methods for Counting Temporal Motifs.**
    > Paul Liu, Austin R. Benson, Moses Charikar. Sampling Methods for Counting Temporal Motifs. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 294-302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290988)


- **The Local Closure Coefficient: A New Perspective On Network Clustering.**
    > Hao Yin, Austin R. Benson, Jure Leskovec. The Local Closure Coefficient: A New Perspective On Network Clustering. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 303-311. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290991)


- **Beyond News Contents: The Role of Social Context for Fake News Detection.**
    > Kai Shu, Suhang Wang, Huan Liu. Beyond News Contents: The Role of Social Context for Fake News Detection. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 312-320. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290994)


- **All Those Wasted Hours: On Task Abandonment in Crowdsourcing.**
    > Lei Han, Kevin Roitero, Ujwal Gadiraju, etc. All Those Wasted Hours: On Task Abandonment in Crowdsourcing. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 321-329. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291035)


- **CoReRank: Ranking to Detect Users Involved in Blackmarket-Based Collusive Retweeting Activities.**
    > Aditya Chetan, Brihi Joshi, Hridoy Sankar Dutta, etc. CoReRank: Ranking to Detect Users Involved in Blackmarket-Based Collusive Retweeting Activities. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 330-338. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291010)


- **XBully: Cyberbullying Detection within a Multi-Modal Context.**
    > Lu Cheng, Jundong Li, Yasin N. Silva, etc. XBully: Cyberbullying Detection within a Multi-Modal Context. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 339-347. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291037)


- **Homogeneity-Based Transmissive Process to Model True and False News in Social Networks.**
    > Jooyeon Kim, Dongkwan Kim, Alice Oh. Homogeneity-Based Transmissive Process to Model True and False News in Social Networks. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 348-356. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291009)


- **Interactive Anomaly Detection on Attributed Networks.**
    > Kaize Ding, Jundong Li, Huan Liu. Interactive Anomaly Detection on Attributed Networks. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 357-365. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290964)


- **Random Spatial Network Models for Core-Periphery Structure.**
    > Junteng Jia, Austin R. Benson. Random Spatial Network Models for Core-Periphery Structure. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 366-374. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290976)


- **A General View for Network Embedding as Matrix Factorization.**
    > Xin Liu, Tsuyoshi Murata, Kyoung-Sook Kim, etc. A General View for Network Embedding as Matrix Factorization. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 375-383. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291029)


- **SimGNN: A Neural Network Approach to Fast Graph Similarity Computation.**
    > Yunsheng Bai, Hao Ding, Song Bian, etc. SimGNN: A Neural Network Approach to Fast Graph Similarity Computation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 384-392. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290967)


- **Co-Embedding Attributed Networks.**
    > Zaiqiao Meng, Shangsong Liang, Hongyan Bao, etc. Co-Embedding Attributed Networks. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 393-401. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291015)


- **Weakly Supervised Co-Training of Query Rewriting andSemantic Matching for e-Commerce.**
    > Rong Xiao, Jianhui Ji, Baoliang Cui, etc. Weakly Supervised Co-Training of Query Rewriting andSemantic Matching for e-Commerce. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 402-410. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291039)


- **Review-Driven Answer Generation for Product-Related Questions in E-Commerce.**
    > Shiqian Chen, Chenliang Li, Feng Ji, etc. Review-Driven Answer Generation for Product-Related Questions in E-Commerce. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 411-419. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290971)


- **Offline Evaluation to Make Decisions About PlaylistRecommendation Algorithms.**
    > Alois Gruson, Praveen Chandar, Christophe Charbuillet, etc. Offline Evaluation to Make Decisions About PlaylistRecommendation Algorithms. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 420-428. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291027)


- **Product-Aware Answer Generation in E-Commerce Question-Answering.**
    > Shen Gao, Zhaochun Ren, Yihong Eric Zhao, etc. Product-Aware Answer Generation in E-Commerce Question-Answering. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 429-437. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290992)


- **Linked Variational AutoEncoders for Inferring Substitutable and Supplementary Items.**
    > Vineeth Rakesh, Suhang Wang, Kai Shu, etc. Linked Variational AutoEncoders for Inferring Substitutable and Supplementary Items. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 438-446. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290963)


- **When People Change their Mind: Off-Policy Evaluation in Non-stationary Recommendation Environments.**
    > Rolf Jagerman, Ilya Markov, Maarten de Rijke. When People Change their Mind: Off-Policy Evaluation in Non-stationary Recommendation Environments. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 447-455. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290958)


- **Top-K Off-Policy Correction for a REINFORCE Recommender System.**
    > Minmin Chen, Alex Beutel, Paul Covington, etc. Top-K Off-Policy Correction for a REINFORCE Recommender System. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 456-464. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290999)


- **Genie: An Open Box Counterfactual Policy Estimator for Optimizing Sponsored Search Marketplace.**
    > Murat Ali Bayir, Mingsen Xu, Yaojia Zhu, etc. Genie: An Open Box Counterfactual Policy Estimator for Optimizing Sponsored Search Marketplace. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 465-473. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290969)


- **Estimating Position Bias without Intrusive Interventions.**
    > Aman Agarwal, Ivan Zaitsev, Xuanhui Wang, etc. Estimating Position Bias without Intrusive Interventions. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 474-482. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291017)


- **Off-Policy Evaluation of Probabilistic Identity Data in Lookalike Modeling.**
    > Randell Cotta, Mingyang Hu, Dan Jiang, etc. Off-Policy Evaluation of Probabilistic Identity Data in Lookalike Modeling. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 483-491. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291033)


- **A Sequential Test for Selecting the Better Variant: Online A/B testing, Adaptive Allocation, and Continuous Monitoring.**
    > Nianqiao Ju, Diane Hu, Adam Henderson, etc. A Sequential Test for Selecting the Better Variant: Online A/B testing, Adaptive Allocation, and Continuous Monitoring. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 492-500. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291025)


- **How A/B Tests Could Go Wrong: Automatic Diagnosis of Invalid Online Experiments.**
    > Nanyu Chen, Min Liu, Ya Xu. How A/B Tests Could Go Wrong: Automatic Diagnosis of Invalid Online Experiments. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 501-509. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291000)


- **Investment Recommendation System for Low-Liquidity Online Peer to Peer Lending (P2PL) Marketplaces.**
    > Ke Ren, Avinash Malik. Investment Recommendation System for Low-Liquidity Online Peer to Peer Lending (P2PL) Marketplaces. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 510-518. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290959)


- **Gated Attentive-Autoencoder for Content-Aware Recommendation.**
    > Chen Ma, Peng Kang, Bin Wu, etc. Gated Attentive-Autoencoder for Content-Aware Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 519-527. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290977)


- **Slice: Scalable Linear Extreme Classifiers Trained on 100 Million Labels for Related Searches.**
    > Himanshu Jain, Venkatesh Balasubramanian, Bhanu Chunduri, etc. Slice: Scalable Linear Extreme Classifiers Trained on 100 Million Labels for Related Searches. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 528-536. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290979)


- **Neural Tensor Factorization for Temporal Interaction Learning.**
    > Xian Wu, Baoxu Shi, Yuxiao Dong, etc. Neural Tensor Factorization for Temporal Interaction Learning. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 537-545. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290998)


- **Shaping Feedback Data in Recommender Systems with Interventions Based on Information Foraging Theory.**
    > Tobias Schnabel, Paul N. Bennett, Thorsten Joachims. Shaping Feedback Data in Recommender Systems with Interventions Based on Information Foraging Theory. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 546-554. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290974)


- **Session-Based Social Recommendation via Dynamic Graph Attention Networks.**
    > Weiping Song, Zhiping Xiao, Yifan Wang, etc. Session-Based Social Recommendation via Dynamic Graph Attention Networks. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 555-563. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290989)


- **Recurrent Recommendation with Local Coherence.**
    > Jianling Wang, James Caverlee. Recurrent Recommendation with Local Coherence. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 564-572. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291024)


- **Taxonomy-Aware Multi-Hop Reasoning Networks for Sequential Recommendation.**
    > Jin Huang, Zhaochun Ren, Wayne Xin Zhao, etc. Taxonomy-Aware Multi-Hop Reasoning Networks for Sequential Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 573-581. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290972)


- **A Simple Convolutional Generative Network for Next Item Recommendation.**
    > Fajie Yuan, Alexandros Karatzoglou, Ioannis Arapakis, etc. A Simple Convolutional Generative Network for Next Item Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 582-590. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290975)


- **Time is of the Essence: A Joint Hierarchical RNN and Point Process Model for Time and Item Predictions.**
    > Bjørnar Vassøy, Massimiliano Ruocco, Eliezer de Souza da Silva, etc. Time is of the Essence: A Joint Hierarchical RNN and Point Process Model for Time and Item Predictions. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 591-599. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290987)


- **Sequential Variational Autoencoders for Collaborative Filtering.**
    > Noveen Sachdeva, Giuseppe Manco, Ettore Ritacco, etc. Sequential Variational Autoencoders for Collaborative Filtering. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 600-608. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291007)


- **Learning Personalized Topical Compositions with Item Response Theory.**
    > Lu Lin, Lin Gong, Hongning Wang. Learning Personalized Topical Compositions with Item Response Theory. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 609-617. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291022)


- **Why the World Reads Wikipedia: Beyond English Speakers.**
    > Florian Lemmerich, Diego Sáez-Trumper, Robert West, etc. Why the World Reads Wikipedia: Beyond English Speakers. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 618-626. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291021)


- **Characterizing and Predicting Email Deferral Behavior.**
    > Bahareh Sarrafzadeh, Ahmed Hassan Awadallah, Christopher H. Lin, etc. Characterizing and Predicting Email Deferral Behavior. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 627-635. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291028)


- **Task Duration Estimation.**
    > Ryen W. White, Ahmed Hassan Awadallah. Task Duration Estimation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 636-644. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290997)


- **The Influence of Image Search Intents on User Behavior and Satisfaction.**
    > Zhijing Wu, Yiqun Liu, Qianfan Zhang, etc. The Influence of Image Search Intents on User Behavior and Satisfaction. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 645-653. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291013)


- **Neural Demographic Prediction using Search Query.**
    > Chuhan Wu, Fangzhao Wu, Junxin Liu, etc. Neural Demographic Prediction using Search Query. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 654-662. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291034)


- **Domain Switch-Aware Holistic Recurrent Neural Network for Modeling Multi-Domain User Behavior.**
    > Donghyun Kim, Sungchul Kim, Handong Zhao, etc. Domain Switch-Aware Holistic Recurrent Neural Network for Modeling Multi-Domain User Behavior. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 663-671. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291019)


- **Domain Adaptation for Commitment Detection in Email.**
    > Hosein Azarbonyad, Robert Sim, Ryen W. White. Domain Adaptation for Commitment Detection in Email. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 672-680. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290984)


- **Learning to Transform, Combine, and Reason in Open-Domain Question Answering.**
    > Mostafa Dehghani, Hosein Azarbonyad, Jaap Kamps, etc. Learning to Transform, Combine, and Reason in Open-Domain Question Answering. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 681-689. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291012)


- **SHNE: Representation Learning for Semantic-Associated Heterogeneous Networks.**
    > Chuxu Zhang, Ananthram Swami, Nitesh V. Chawla. SHNE: Representation Learning for Semantic-Associated Heterogeneous Networks. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 690-698. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291001)


- **Learning to Selectively Transfer: Reinforced Transfer Learning for Deep Text Matching.**
    > Chen Qu, Feng Ji, Minghui Qiu, etc. Learning to Selectively Transfer: Reinforced Transfer Learning for Deep Text Matching. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 699-707. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290978)


- **Spring-Electrical Models For Link Prediction.**
    > Yana Kashinskaya, Egor Samosvat, Akmal Artikov. Spring-Electrical Models For Link Prediction. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 708-716. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290961)


- **Solving the Sparsity Problem in Recommendations via Cross-Domain Item Embedding Based on Co-Clustering.**
    > Yaqing Wang, Chunyan Feng, Caili Guo, etc. Solving the Sparsity Problem in Recommendations via Cross-Domain Item Embedding Based on Co-Clustering. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 717-725. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290973)


- **Discovering Correlations between Sparse Features in Distant Supervision for Relation Extraction.**
    > Jianfeng Qu, Dantong Ouyang, Wen Hua, etc. Discovering Correlations between Sparse Features in Distant Supervision for Relation Extraction. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 726-734. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291004)


- **Across-Time Comparative Summarization of News Articles.**
    > Yijun Duan, Adam Jatowt. Across-Time Comparative Summarization of News Articles. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 735-743. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291008)


- **Crosslingual Document Embedding as Reduced-Rank Ridge Regression.**
    > Martin Josifoski, Ivan S. Paskov, Hristo S. Paskov, etc. Crosslingual Document Embedding as Reduced-Rank Ridge Regression. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 744-752. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291023)


- **CluWords: Exploiting Semantic Word Clustering Representation for Enhanced Topic Modeling.**
    > Felipe Viegas, Sérgio D. Canuto, Christian Gomes, etc. CluWords: Exploiting Semantic Word Clustering Representation for Enhanced Topic Modeling. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 753-761. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291032)


- **ATAR: Aspect-Based Temporal Analog Retrieval System for Document Archives.**
    > Yating Zhang, Adam Jatowt, Sourav S. Bhowmick, etc. ATAR: Aspect-Based Temporal Analog Retrieval System for Document Archives. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 762-765. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290613)


- **clstk: The Cross-Lingual Summarization Tool-Kit.**
    > Nisarg Jhaveri, Manish Gupta, Vasudeva Varma. clstk: The Cross-Lingual Summarization Tool-Kit. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 766-769. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290614)


- **EXS: Explainable Search Using Local Model Agnostic Interpretability.**
    > Jaspreet Singh, Avishek Anand. EXS: Explainable Search Using Local Model Agnostic Interpretability. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 770-773. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290620)


- **FaceOff: Assisting the Manifestation Design of Web Graphical User Interface.**
    > Shuyu Zheng, Ziniu Hu, Yun Ma. FaceOff: Assisting the Manifestation Design of Web Graphical User Interface. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 774-777. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290610)


- **Intelligent Traffic Analytics: From Monitoring to Controlling.**
    > Sheng Wang, Yunzhuang Shen, Zhifeng Bao, etc. Intelligent Traffic Analytics: From Monitoring to Controlling. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 778-781. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290615)


- **Interactive Visualization of Urban Areas of Interest: A Parameter-Free and Efficient Footprint Method.**
    > Mingzhao Li, Zhifeng Bao, Farhana Murtaza Choudhury, etc. Interactive Visualization of Urban Areas of Interest: A Parameter-Free and Efficient Footprint Method. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 782-785. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290612)


- **Pleasant Route Suggestion based on Color and Object Rates.**
    > Shoko Wakamiya, Panote Siriaraya, Yihong Zhang, etc. Pleasant Route Suggestion based on Color and Object Rates. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 786-789. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290611)


- **NAIRS: A Neural Attentive Interpretable Recommendation System.**
    > Shuai Yu, Yongbo Wang, Min Yang, etc. NAIRS: A Neural Attentive Interpretable Recommendation System. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 790-793. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290609)


- **Structured Search in Annotated Document Collections.**
    > Dhruv Gupta, Klaus Berberich. Structured Search in Annotated Document Collections. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 794-797. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290618)


- **TopExNet: Entity-Centric Network Topic Exploration in News Streams.**
    > Andreas Spitz, Satya Almasian, Michael Gertz. TopExNet: Entity-Centric Network Topic Exploration in News Streams. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 798-801. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290619)


- **VisCrime: A Crime Visualisation System for Crime Trajectory from Multi-Dimensional Sources.**
    > Ahsan Morshed, Pei-Wei Tsai, Prem Prakash Jayaraman, etc. VisCrime: A Crime Visualisation System for Crime Trajectory from Multi-Dimensional Sources. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 802-805. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290617)


- **Visualizing Graph Differences from Social Media Streams.**
    > Minjeong Shin, Dongwoo Kim, Jae Hee Lee, etc. Visualizing Graph Differences from Social Media Streams. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 806-809. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3290616)


- **Bridging Models for Popularity Prediction on Social Media.**
    > Swapnil Mishra. Bridging Models for Popularity Prediction on Social Media. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 810-811. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291598)


- **Comparative Summarisation of Rich Media Collections.**
    > Umanga Bista. Comparative Summarisation of Rich Media Collections. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 812-813. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291603)


- **Designing the Cogno-Web Observatory: To Characterize the Dynamics of Online Social Cognition.**
    > Raksha Pavagada Subbanarasimha. Designing the Cogno-Web Observatory: To Characterize the Dynamics of Online Social Cognition. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 814-815. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291600)


- **How is Attention Allocated?: Data-Driven Studies of Popularity and Engagement in Online Videos.**
    > Siqi Wu. How is Attention Allocated?: Data-Driven Studies of Popularity and Engagement in Online Videos. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 816-817. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291599)


- **Linking Epidemic Models and Hawkes Point Processes for Modeling Information Diffusion.**
    > Quyu Kong. Linking Epidemic Models and Hawkes Point Processes for Modeling Information Diffusion. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 818-819. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291601)


- **Listwise vs Pagewise: Towards Better Ranking Strategies for Heterogeneous Search Results.**
    > Junqi Zhang. Listwise vs Pagewise: Towards Better Ranking Strategies for Heterogeneous Search Results. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 820-821. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291596)


- **Overlapping Community Detection in Static and Dynamic Social Networks.**
    > Renny Márquez, Richard Weber. Overlapping Community Detection in Static and Dynamic Social Networks. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 822-823. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291602)


- **Preference Elicitation Strategy for Conversational Recommender System.**
    > Bilih Priyogi. Preference Elicitation Strategy for Conversational Recommender System. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 824-825. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291604)


- **User Behavior Modeling for Web Image Search.**
    > Xiaohui Xie. User Behavior Modeling for Web Image Search. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 826-827. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291597)


- **Causal Inference and Counterfactual Reasoning (3hr Tutorial).**
    > Emre Kiciman, Amit Sharma. Causal Inference and Counterfactual Reasoning (3hr Tutorial). in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 828-829. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291381)


- **Conducting Laboratory Experiments Properly with Statistical Tools: An Easy Hands-On Tutorial.**
    > Tetsuya Sakai. Conducting Laboratory Experiments Properly with Statistical Tools: An Easy Hands-On Tutorial. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 830-831. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291378)


- **Deep Learning for Matching in Search and Recommendation.**
    > Jun Xu, Xiangnan He, Hang Li. Deep Learning for Matching in Search and Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 832-833. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291380)


- **Fairness-Aware Machine Learning: Practical Challenges and Lessons Learned.**
    > Sarah Bird, Krishnaram Kenthapadi, Emre Kiciman, etc. Fairness-Aware Machine Learning: Practical Challenges and Lessons Learned. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 834-835. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291383)


- **Fake News: Fundamental Theories, Detection Strategies and Challenges.**
    > Xinyi Zhou, Reza Zafarani, Kai Shu, etc. Fake News: Fundamental Theories, Detection Strategies and Challenges. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 836-837. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291382)


- **WSDM 2019 Tutorial on Health Search (HS2019): A Full-Day from Consumers to Clinicians.**
    > Bevan Koopman, Guido Zuccon. WSDM 2019 Tutorial on Health Search (HS2019): A Full-Day from Consumers to Clinicians. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 838-839. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291379)


- **Privacy-preserving Data Mining in Industry.**
    > Krishnaram Kenthapadi, Ilya Mironov, Abhradeep Guha Thakurta. Privacy-preserving Data Mining in Industry. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 840-841. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291384)


- **The 1st International Workshop on Context-Aware Recommendation Systems with Big Data Analytics (CARS-BDA).**
    > Xiangmin Zhou, Ji Zhang, Yanchun Zhang. The 1st International Workshop on Context-Aware Recommendation Systems with Big Data Analytics (CARS-BDA). in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 842-843. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291372)


- **DAPA: The WSDM 2019 Workshop on Deep Matching in Practical Applications.**
    > Yixing Fan, Qingyao Ai, Zhaochun Ren, etc. DAPA: The WSDM 2019 Workshop on Deep Matching in Practical Applications. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 844-845. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291375)


- **IDM-WSDM 2019: Workshop on Interactive Data Mining.**
    > Alan Said, Denis Parra, Juhee Bae, etc. IDM-WSDM 2019: Workshop on Interactive Data Mining. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 846-847. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291376)


- **Task Intelligence Workshop @ WSDM 2019.**
    > Ahmed Hassan Awadallah, Cathal Gurrin, Mark Sanderson, etc. Task Intelligence Workshop @ WSDM 2019. in Proceedings of the Twelfth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2019, Melbourne, VIC, Australia, February 11-15, 2019(WSDM' 19). 848-849. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3289600.3291374)
