
- **Ten Years of Wisdom.**
    > Ricardo Baeza-Yates. Ten Years of Wisdom. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 1-2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022744)


- **Enterprise Employee Training via Project Team Formation.**
    > Jiawei Zhang, Philip S. Yu, Yuanhua Lv. Enterprise Employee Training via Project Team Formation. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 3-12. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018682)


- **iPhone&apos;s Digital Marketplace: Characterizing the Big Spenders.**
    > Farshad Kooti, Mihajlo Grbovic, Luca Maria Aiello, etc. iPhone&apos;s Digital Marketplace: Characterizing the Big Spenders. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 13-21. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018697)


- **Raising Graphs From Randomness to Reveal Information Networks.**
    > Róbert Pálovics, András A. Benczúr. Raising Graphs From Randomness to Reveal Information Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 23-32. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018664)


- **How Smart Does Your Profile Image Look?: Estimating Intelligence from Social Network Profile Images.**
    > Xingjie Wei, David Stillwell. How Smart Does Your Profile Image Look?: Estimating Intelligence from Social Network Profile Images. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 33-40. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018663)


- **Anticipating Information Needs Based on Check-in Activity.**
    > Jan R. Benetka, Krisztian Balog, Kjetil Nørvåg. Anticipating Information Needs Based on Check-in Activity. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 41-50. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018679)


- **RedQueen: An Online Algorithm for Smart Broadcasting in Social Networks.**
    > Ali Zarezade, Utkarsh Upadhyay, Hamid R. Rabiee, etc. RedQueen: An Online Algorithm for Smart Broadcasting in Social Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 51-60. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018684)


- **Uncovering the Dynamics of Crowdlearning and the Value of Knowledge.**
    > Utkarsh Upadhyay, Isabel Valera, Manuel Gomez-Rodriguez. Uncovering the Dynamics of Crowdlearning and the Value of Knowledge. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 61-70. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018685)


- **Leveraging Behavioral Factorization and Prior Knowledge for Community Discovery and Profiling.**
    > Mohammad Akbari, Tat-Seng Chua. Leveraging Behavioral Factorization and Prior Knowledge for Community Discovery and Profiling. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 71-79. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018693)


- **Reducing Controversy by Connecting Opposing Views.**
    > Kiran Garimella, Gianmarco De Francisci Morales, Aristides Gionis, etc. Reducing Controversy by Connecting Opposing Views. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 81-90. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018703)


- **Detecting and Characterizing Eating-Disorder Communities on Social Media.**
    > Tao Wang, Markus Brede, Antonella Ianni, etc. Detecting and Characterizing Eating-Disorder Communities on Social Media. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 91-100. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018706)


- **The Influence of Early Respondents: Information Cascade Effects in Online Event Scheduling.**
    > Daniel M. Romero, Katharina Reinecke, Lionel P. Robert Jr.. The Influence of Early Respondents: Information Cascade Effects in Online Event Scheduling. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 101-110. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018725)


- **Evolution of Ego-networks in Social Media with Link Recommendations.**
    > Luca Maria Aiello, Nicola Barbieri. Evolution of Ego-networks in Social Media with Link Recommendations. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 111-120. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018733)


- **Link Prediction with Cardinality Constraint.**
    > Jiawei Zhang, Jianhui Chen, Junxing Zhu, etc. Link Prediction with Cardinality Constraint. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 121-130. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018734)


- **Learning Parametric Models for Context-Aware Query Auto-Completion via Hawkes Processes.**
    > Liangda Li, Hongbo Deng, Jianhui Chen, etc. Learning Parametric Models for Context-Aware Query Auto-Completion via Hawkes Processes. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 131-139. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018698)


- **Does Document Relevance Affect the Searcher&apos;s Perception of Time?**
    > Cheng Luo, Yiqun Liu, Tetsuya Sakai, etc. Does Document Relevance Affect the Searcher&apos;s Perception of Time? in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 141-150. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018694)


- **Generating Illustrative Snippets for Open Data on the Web.**
    > Gong Cheng, Cheng Jin, Wentao Ding, etc. Generating Illustrative Snippets for Open Data on the Web. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 151-159. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018670)


- **Investigation of User Search Behavior While Facing Heterogeneous Search Services.**
    > Xin Li, Yiqun Liu, Rongjie Cai, etc. Investigation of User Search Behavior While Facing Heterogeneous Search Services. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 161-170. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018673)


- **Click Through Rate Prediction for Local Search Results.**
    > Fidel Cacheda, Nicola Barbieri, Roi Blanco. Click Through Rate Prediction for Local Search Results. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 171-180. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018683)


- **Document Retrieval Model Through Semantic Linking.**
    > Faezeh Ensan, Ebrahim Bagheri. Document Retrieval Model Through Semantic Linking. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 181-190. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018692)


- **A Concise Integer Linear Programming Formulation for Implicit Search Result Diversification.**
    > Haitao Yu, Adam Jatowt, Roi Blanco, etc. A Concise Integer Linear Programming Formulation for Implicit Search Result Diversification. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 191-200. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018710)


- **A Comparison of Document-at-a-Time and Score-at-a-Time Query Evaluation.**
    > Matt Crane, J. Shane Culpepper, Jimmy Lin, etc. A Comparison of Document-at-a-Time and Score-at-a-Time Query Evaluation. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 201-210. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018726)


- **ANNE: Improving Source Code Search using Entity Retrieval Approach.**
    > Venkatesh Vinayakarao, Anita Sarma, Rahul Purandare, etc. ANNE: Improving Source Code Search using Entity Retrieval Approach. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 211-220. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018691)


- **Partitioning and Segment Organization Strategies for Real-Time Selective Search on Document Streams.**
    > Yulu Wang, Jimmy Lin. Partitioning and Segment Organization Strategies for Real-Time Selective Search on Document Streams. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 221-230. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018727)


- **Modeling Event Importance for Ranking Daily News Events.**
    > Vinay Setty, Abhijit Anand, Arunav Mishra, etc. Modeling Event Importance for Ranking Daily News Events. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 231-240. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018728)


- **A Cost Model for Long-Term Compressed Data Retention.**
    > Kewen Liao, Alistair Moffat, Matthias Petri, etc. A Cost Model for Long-Term Compressed Data Retention. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 241-249. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018738)


- **Neural Models for Full Text Search.**
    > Nick Craswell. Neural Models for Full Text Search. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 251. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3042065)


- **Reliable Medical Diagnosis from Crowdsourcing: Discover Trustworthy Answers from Non-Experts.**
    > Yaliang Li, Nan Du, Chaochun Liu, etc. Reliable Medical Diagnosis from Crowdsourcing: Discover Trustworthy Answers from Non-Experts. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 253-261. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018688)


- **PRED: Periodic Region Detection for Mobility Modeling of Social Media Users.**
    > Quan Yuan, Wei Zhang, Chao Zhang, etc. PRED: Periodic Region Detection for Mobility Modeling of Social Media Users. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 263-272. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018680)


- **Applying Space Syntax to Online Mapping Tools.**
    > Yandi Li, Nicola Barbieri, Daniele Quercia. Applying Space Syntax to Online Mapping Tools. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 273-282. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018722)


- **Semantic-aware Query Processing for Activity Trajectories.**
    > Huiwen Liu, Jiajie Xu, Kai Zheng, etc. Semantic-aware Query Processing for Activity Trajectories. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 283-292. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018678)


- **Keeping Apace with Progress in Natural Language Processing.**
    > Claire Cardie. Keeping Apace with Progress in Natural Language Processing. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 293. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022745)


- **Task-Guided and Path-Augmented Heterogeneous Network Embedding for Author Identification.**
    > Ting Chen, Yizhou Sun. Task-Guided and Path-Augmented Heterogeneous Network Embedding for Author Identification. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 295-304. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018735)


- **Beyond the Words: Predicting User Personality from Heterogeneous Information.**
    > Honghao Wei, Fuzheng Zhang, Nicholas Jing Yuan, etc. Beyond the Words: Predicting User Personality from Heterogeneous Information. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 305-314. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018717)


- **German Typographers vs. German Grammar: Decomposition of Wikipedia Category Labels into Attribute-Value Pairs.**
    > Marius Pasca. German Typographers vs. German Grammar: Decomposition of Wikipedia Category Labels into Attribute-Value Pairs. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 315-324. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018662)


- **Comparative Document Analysis for Large Text Corpora.**
    > Xiang Ren, Yuanhua Lv, Kuansan Wang, etc. Comparative Document Analysis for Large Text Corpora. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 325-334. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018690)


- **Constructing and Embedding Abstract Event Causality Networks from Text Snippets.**
    > Sendong Zhao, Quan Wang, Sean Massung, etc. Constructing and Embedding Abstract Event Causality Networks from Text Snippets. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 335-344. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018707)


- **Fun Facts: Automatic Trivia Fact Extraction from Wikipedia.**
    > David Tsurel, Dan Pelleg, Ido Guy, etc. Fun Facts: Automatic Trivia Fact Extraction from Wikipedia. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 345-354. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018709)


- **Related Event Discovery.**
    > Cheng Li, Michael Bendersky, Vijay Garg, etc. Related Event Discovery. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 355-364. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018713)


- **Lightweight Multilingual Entity Extraction and Linking.**
    > Aasish Pappu, Roi Blanco, Yashar Mehdad, etc. Lightweight Multilingual Entity Extraction and Linking. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 365-374. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018724)


- **Predicting Completeness in Knowledge Bases.**
    > Luis Galárraga, Simon Razniewski, Antoine Amarilli, etc. Predicting Completeness in Knowledge Bases. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 375-383. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018739)


- **Synthesis of Forgiving Data Extractors.**
    > Adi Omari, Sharon Shoham, Eran Yahav. Synthesis of Forgiving Data Extractors. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 385-394. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018740)


- **Concept Embedded Convolutional Semantic Model for Question Retrieval.**
    > Pengwei Wang, Yong Zhang, Lei Ji, etc. Concept Embedded Convolutional Semantic Model for Question Retrieval. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 395-403. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018687)


- **Summarizing Answers in Non-Factoid Community Question-Answering.**
    > Hongya Song, Zhaochun Ren, Shangsong Liang, etc. Summarizing Answers in Non-Factoid Community Question-Answering. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 405-414. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018704)


- **Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Networks with Causality-Attention for Why-Question Answering.**
    > Jong-Hoon Oh, Kentaro Torisawa, Canasai Kruengkrai, etc. Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Networks with Causality-Attention for Why-Question Answering. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 415-424. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018737)


- **Joint Deep Modeling of Users and Items Using Reviews for Recommendation.**
    > Lei Zheng, Vahid Noroozi, Philip S. Yu. Joint Deep Modeling of Users and Items Using Reviews for Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 425-434. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018665)


- **Multi-Product Utility Maximization for Economic Recommendation.**
    > Qi Zhao, Yongfeng Zhang, Yi Zhang, etc. Multi-Product Utility Maximization for Economic Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 435-443. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018674)


- **Groove Radio: A Bayesian Hierarchical Model for Personalized Playlist Generation.**
    > Shay Ben-Elazar, Gal Lavee, Noam Koenigstein, etc. Groove Radio: A Bayesian Hierarchical Model for Personalized Playlist Generation. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 445-453. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018718)


- **Temporally Factorized Network Modeling for Evolutionary Network Analysis.**
    > Wenchao Yu, Charu C. Aggarwal, Wei Wang. Temporally Factorized Network Modeling for Evolutionary Network Analysis. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 455-464. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018669)


- **Not Enough Data?: Joint Inferring Multiple Diffusion Networks via Network Generation Priors.**
    > Xinran He, Yan Liu. Not Enough Data?: Joint Inferring Multiple Diffusion Networks via Network Generation Priors. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 465-474. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018675)


- **Online Matrix Completion for Signed Link Prediction.**
    > Jing Wang, Jie Shen, Ping Li, etc. Online Matrix Completion for Signed Link Prediction. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 475-484. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018681)


- **Social Collaborative Viewpoint Regression with Explainable Recommendations.**
    > Zhaochun Ren, Shangsong Liang, Piji Li, etc. Social Collaborative Viewpoint Regression with Explainable Recommendations. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 485-494. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018686)


- **Recurrent Recommender Networks.**
    > Chao-Yuan Wu, Amr Ahmed, Alex Beutel, etc. Recurrent Recommender Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 495-503. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018689)


- **Bartering Books to Beers: A Recommender System for Exchange Platforms.**
    > Jérémie Rappaz, Maria-Luiza Vladarean, Julian J. McAuley, etc. Bartering Books to Beers: A Recommender System for Exchange Platforms. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 505-514. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018696)


- **Neural Survival Recommender.**
    > How Jing, Alexander J. Smola. Neural Survival Recommender. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 515-524. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018719)


- **Directed Edge Recommender System.**
    > Ios Kotsogiannis, Elena Zheleva, Ashwin Machanavajjhala. Directed Edge Recommender System. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 525-533. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018729)


- **Machine Learning at Amazon.**
    > Ralf Herbrich. Machine Learning at Amazon. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 535. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022764)


- **Online Actions with Offline Impact: How Online Social Networks Influence Online and Offline User Behavior.**
    > Tim Althoff, Pranav Jindal, Jure Leskovec. Online Actions with Offline Impact: How Online Social Networks Influence Online and Offline User Behavior. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 537-546. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018672)


- **Social Incentive Optimization in Online Social Networks.**
    > Guangde Chen, Bee-Chung Chen, Deepak Agarwal. Social Incentive Optimization in Online Social Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 547-556. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018700)


- **Counting Graphlets: Space vs Time.**
    > Marco Bressan, Flavio Chierichetti, Ravi Kumar, etc. Counting Graphlets: Space vs Time. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 557-566. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018732)


- **Representation Learning with Pair-wise Constraints for Collaborative Ranking.**
    > Fuzhen Zhuang, Dan Luo, Nicholas Jing Yuan, etc. Representation Learning with Pair-wise Constraints for Collaborative Ranking. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 567-575. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018720)


- **Statistical Spoken Dialogue Systems and the Challenges for Machine Learning.**
    > Steve J. Young. Statistical Spoken Dialogue Systems and the Challenges for Machine Learning. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 577. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022746)


- **Primum Non Nocere: Healthcare In The Digital Age.**
    > Anjali Joshi. Primum Non Nocere: Healthcare In The Digital Age. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 579. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022765)


- **Managing Risk of Bidding in Display Advertising.**
    > Haifeng Zhang, Weinan Zhang, Yifei Rong, etc. Managing Risk of Bidding in Display Advertising. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 581-590. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018701)


- **Predicting Online Purchase Conversion for Retargeting.**
    > Jinyoung Yeo, Sungchul Kim, Eunyee Koh, etc. Predicting Online Purchase Conversion for Retargeting. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 591-600. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018715)


- **Motifs in Temporal Networks.**
    > Ashwin Paranjape, Austin R. Benson, Jure Leskovec. Motifs in Temporal Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 601-610. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018731)


- **Modeling Air Travel Choice Behavior with Mixed Kernel Density Estimations.**
    > Zhenni Feng, Yanmin Zhu, Jian Cao. Modeling Air Travel Choice Behavior with Mixed Kernel Density Estimations. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 611-620. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018671)


- **Location Influence in Location-based Social Networks.**
    > Muhammad Aamir Saleem, Rohit Kumar, Toon Calders, etc. Location Influence in Location-based Social Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 621-630. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018705)


- **Probabilistic Social Sequential Model for Tour Recommendation.**
    > Vineeth Rakesh, Niranjan Jadhav, Alexander Kotov, etc. Probabilistic Social Sequential Model for Tour Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 631-640. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018711)


- **Trustworthy Analysis of Online A/B Tests: Pitfalls, challenges and solutions.**
    > Alex Deng, Jiannan Lu, Jonthan Litz. Trustworthy Analysis of Online A/B Tests: Pitfalls, challenges and solutions. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 641-649. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018677)


- **Learning Sensitive Combinations of A/B Test Metrics.**
    > Eugene Kharitonov, Alexey Drutsa, Pavel Serdyukov. Learning Sensitive Combinations of A/B Test Metrics. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 651-659. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018708)


- **Real-Time Bidding by Reinforcement Learning in Display Advertising.**
    > Han Cai, Kan Ren, Weinan Zhang, etc. Real-Time Bidding by Reinforcement Learning in Display Advertising. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 661-670. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018702)


- **Deep Memory Networks for Attitude Identification.**
    > Cheng Li, Xiaoxiao Guo, Qiaozhu Mei. Deep Memory Networks for Attitude Identification. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 671-680. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018714)


- **D-Cube: Dense-Block Detection in Terabyte-Scale Tensors.**
    > Kijung Shin, Bryan Hooi, Jisu Kim, etc. D-Cube: Dense-Block Detection in Terabyte-Scale Tensors. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 681-689. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018676)


- **Modeling Document Networks with Tree-Averaged Copula Regularization.**
    > Yuan He, Cheng Wang, Changjun Jiang. Modeling Document Networks with Tree-Averaged Copula Regularization. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 691-699. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018666)


- **Multilinear Factorization Machines for Multi-Task Multi-View Learning.**
    > Chun-Ta Lu, Lifang He, Weixiang Shao, etc. Multilinear Factorization Machines for Multi-Task Multi-View Learning. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 701-709. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018716)


- **Algorithms for Active Classifier Selection: Maximizing Recall with Precision Constraints.**
    > Paul N. Bennett, David Maxwell Chickering, Christopher Meek, etc. Algorithms for Active Classifier Selection: Maximizing Recall with Precision Constraints. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 711-719. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018730)


- **DiSMEC: Distributed Sparse Machines for Extreme Multi-label Classification.**
    > Rohit Babbar, Bernhard Schölkopf. DiSMEC: Distributed Sparse Machines for Extreme Multi-label Classification. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 721-729. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018741)


- **Label Informed Attributed Network Embedding.**
    > Xiao Huang, Jundong Li, Xia Hu. Label Informed Attributed Network Embedding. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 731-739. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018667)


- **Embedding of Embedding (EOE): Joint Embedding for Coupled Heterogeneous Networks.**
    > Linchuan Xu, Xiaokai Wei, Jiannong Cao, etc. Embedding of Embedding (EOE): Joint Embedding for Coupled Heterogeneous Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 741-749. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018723)


- **Random Semantic Tensor Ensemble for Scalable Knowledge Graph Link Prediction.**
    > Yi Tay, Anh Tuan Luu, Siu Cheung Hui, etc. Random Semantic Tensor Ensemble for Scalable Knowledge Graph Link Prediction. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 751-760. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018695)


- **S-HOT: Scalable High-Order Tucker Decomposition.**
    > Jinoh Oh, Kijung Shin, Evangelos E. Papalexakis, etc. S-HOT: Scalable High-Order Tucker Decomposition. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 761-770. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018721)


- **Unsupervised Ranking using Graph Structures and Node Attributes.**
    > Chin-Chi Hsu, Yi-An Lai, Wen-Hao Chen, etc. Unsupervised Ranking using Graph Structures and Node Attributes. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 771-779. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018668)


- **Unbiased Learning-to-Rank with Biased Feedback.**
    > Thorsten Joachims, Adith Swaminathan, Tobias Schnabel. Unbiased Learning-to-Rank with Biased Feedback. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 781-789. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018699)


- **Learning from User Interactions in Personal Search via Attribute Parameterization.**
    > Michael Bendersky, Xuanhui Wang, Donald Metzler, etc. Learning from User Interactions in Personal Search via Attribute Parameterization. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 791-799. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018712)


- **Delving Deep into Personal Photo and Video Search.**
    > Lu Jiang, Yannis Kalantidis, Liangliang Cao, etc. Delving Deep into Personal Photo and Video Search. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 801-810. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3018736)


- **Harnessing the Power of Data Science through Research.**
    > Andrew Blake. Harnessing the Power of Data Science through Research. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 811. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022763)


- **Neural Text Embeddings for Information Retrieval.**
    > Bhaskar Mitra, Nick Craswell. Neural Text Embeddings for Information Retrieval. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 813-814. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022755)


- **Utilizing Knowledge Graphs in Text-centricInformation Retrieval.**
    > Laura Dietz, Alexander Kotov, Edgar Meij. Utilizing Knowledge Graphs in Text-centricInformation Retrieval. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 815-816. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022756)


- **Social Media Anomaly Detection: Challenges and Solutions.**
    > Yan Liu, Sanjay Chawla. Social Media Anomaly Detection: Challenges and Solutions. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 817-818. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022757)


- **Workshop on Scholarly Web Mining (SWM 2017).**
    > Robert M. Patton, Thomas E. Potok, Petr Knoth, etc. Workshop on Scholarly Web Mining (SWM 2017). in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 819-820. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022758)


- **Mining Actionable Insights from Social Networksat WSDM 2017.**
    > Faezeh Ensan, Zeinab Noorian, Ebrahim Bagheri. Mining Actionable Insights from Social Networksat WSDM 2017. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 821-822. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022759)


- **1st International Workshop on Search and Mining Terrorist Online Content &amp; Advances in Data Science for Cyber Security and Risk on the Web.**
    > Theodora Tsikrika, Babak Akhgar, Vasilis Katos, etc. 1st International Workshop on Search and Mining Terrorist Online Content &amp; Advances in Data Science for Cyber Security and Risk on the Web. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 823-824. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022760)


- **WSDM 2017 Workshop on Mining Online Health Reports: MOHRS 2017.**
    > Nigel Collier, Nut Limsopatham, Aron Culotta, etc. WSDM 2017 Workshop on Mining Online Health Reports: MOHRS 2017. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 825-826. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022761)


- **WSDM Cup 2017: Vandalism Detection and Triple Scoring.**
    > Stefan Heindorf, Martin Potthast, Hannah Bast, etc. WSDM Cup 2017: Vandalism Detection and Triple Scoring. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 827-828. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022762)


- **Beyond Query Logs: Recommendation and Evaluation.**
    > Matthew Ryan Mitsui. Beyond Query Logs: Recommendation and Evaluation. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 829. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022747)


- **Recommender Systems: Research Direction.**
    > Manoj Reddy Dareddy. Recommender Systems: Research Direction. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 831. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022748)


- **Modeling Source Code to Support Retrieval-Based Applications.**
    > Venkatesh Vinayakarao. Modeling Source Code to Support Retrieval-Based Applications. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 833. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022749)


- **Scalable Text Analysis.**
    > Zijun Xue. Scalable Text Analysis. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 835. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022750)


- **Quantifying and Bursting the Online Filter Bubble.**
    > Kiran Garimella. Quantifying and Bursting the Online Filter Bubble. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 837. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3024933)


- **New Probabilistic Models for Recommender Systems with Rich Contextual and Content Information.**
    > Eliezer de Souza da Silva. New Probabilistic Models for Recommender Systems with Rich Contextual and Content Information. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 839. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022751)


- **Mining Medical Causality for Diagnosis Assistance.**
    > Sendong Zhao. Mining Medical Causality for Diagnosis Assistance. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 841. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022752)


- **Adapting Information Retrieval to User Signals via Stochastic Models.**
    > Maria Maistro. Adapting Information Retrieval to User Signals via Stochastic Models. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 843. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022753)


- **Modeling Navigation in Information Networks.**
    > Dimitar Dimitrov. Modeling Navigation in Information Networks. in Proceedings of the Tenth ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2017, Cambridge, United Kingdom, February 6-10, 2017(WSDM' 17). 845. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3018661.3022754)
