
- **A Call to Arms: Embrace Assistive AI Systems!**
    > Andrei Z. Broder. A Call to Arms: Embrace Assistive AI Systems! in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 1. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160603)


- **On the Power of Massive Text Data.**
    > Jiawei Han. On the Power of Massive Text Data. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160604)


- **Theoretical Impediments to Machine Learning With Seven Sparks from the Causal Revolution.**
    > Judea Pearl. Theoretical Impediments to Machine Learning With Seven Sparks from the Causal Revolution. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 3. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3176182)


- **Conversations, Machine Learning and Privacy: LinkedIn&apos;s Path Towards Transforming Interaction with Its Members.**
    > Igor Perisic. Conversations, Machine Learning and Privacy: LinkedIn&apos;s Path Towards Transforming Interaction with Its Members. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 4. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160600)


- **From Search to Research: Direct Answers, Perspectives and Dialog.**
    > Harry Shum. From Search to Research: Direct Answers, Perspectives and Dialog. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 5. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160599)


- **Scalable Algorithms in the Age of Big Data and Network Sciences: Characterization, Primitives, and Techniques.**
    > Shang-Hua Teng. Scalable Algorithms in the Age of Big Data and Network Sciences: Characterization, Primitives, and Techniques. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 6-7. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160602)


- **WSDM Cup 2018: Music Recommendation and Churn Prediction.**
    > Yian Chen, Xing Xie, Shou-De Lin, etc. WSDM Cup 2018: Music Recommendation and Churn Prediction. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 8-9. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160605)


- **Performance Analysis of a Privacy Constrained kNN Recommendation Using Data Sketches.**
    > Armita Afsharinejad, Neil Hurley. Performance Analysis of a Privacy Constrained kNN Recommendation Using Data Sketches. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 10-18. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159673)


- **Can you Trust the Trend?: Discovering Simpson&apos;s Paradoxes in Social Data.**
    > Nazanin Alipourfard, Peter G. Fennell, Kristina Lerman. Can you Trust the Trend?: Discovering Simpson&apos;s Paradoxes in Social Data. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 19-27. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159684)


- **Deep Neural Architecture for Multi-Modal Retrieval based on Joint Embedding Space for Text and Images.**
    > Saeid Balaneshin Kordan, Alexander Kotov. Deep Neural Architecture for Multi-Modal Retrieval based on Joint Embedding Space for Text and Images. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 28-36. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159735)


- **A Discrete Choice Model for Subset Selection.**
    > Austin R. Benson, Ravi Kumar, Andrew Tomkins. A Discrete Choice Model for Subset Selection. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 37-45. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159702)


- **Latent Cross: Making Use of Context in Recurrent Recommender Systems.**
    > Alex Beutel, Paul Covington, Sagar Jain, etc. Latent Cross: Making Use of Context in Recurrent Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 46-54. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159727)


- **Consistent Transformation of Ratio Metrics for Efficient Online Controlled Experiments.**
    > Roman Budylin, Alexey Drutsa, Ilya Katsev, etc. Consistent Transformation of Ratio Metrics for Efficient Online Controlled Experiments. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 55-63. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159699)


- **Neural Graph Learning: Training Neural Networks Using Graphs.**
    > Thang D. Bui, Sujith Ravi, Vivek Ramavajjala. Neural Graph Learning: Training Neural Networks Using Graphs. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 64-71. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159731)


- **Sketch &apos;Em All: Fast Approximate Similarity Search for Dynamic Data Streams.**
    > Marc Bury, Chris Schwiegelshohn, Mara Sorella. Sketch &apos;Em All: Fast Approximate Similarity Search for Dynamic Data Streams. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 72-80. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159694)


- **Fast Coreset-based Diversity Maximization under Matroid Constraints.**
    > Matteo Ceccarello, Andrea Pietracaprina, Geppino Pucci. Fast Coreset-based Diversity Maximization under Matroid Constraints. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 81-89. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159719)


- **Putting Data in the Driver&apos;s Seat: Optimizing Earnings for On-Demand Ride-Hailing.**
    > Harshal A. Chaudhari, John W. Byers, Evimaria Terzi. Putting Data in the Driver&apos;s Seat: Optimizing Earnings for On-Demand Ride-Hailing. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 90-98. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159721)


- **Improving Negative Sampling for Word Representation using Self-embedded Features.**
    > Long Chen, Fajie Yuan, Joemon M. Jose, etc. Improving Negative Sampling for Word Representation using Self-embedded Features. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 99-107. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159695)


- **Sequential Recommendation with User Memory Networks.**
    > Xu Chen, Hongteng Xu, Yongfeng Zhang, etc. Sequential Recommendation with User Memory Networks. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 108-116. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159668)


- **VISIR: Visual and Semantic Image Label Refinement.**
    > Sreyasi Nag Chowdhury, Niket Tandon, Hakan Ferhatosmanoglu, etc. VISIR: Visual and Semantic Image Label Refinement. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 117-125. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159693)


- **Convolutional Neural Networks for Soft-Matching N-Grams in Ad-hoc Search.**
    > Zhuyun Dai, Chenyan Xiong, Jamie Callan, etc. Convolutional Neural Networks for Soft-Matching N-Grams in Ad-hoc Search. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 126-134. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159659)


- **Demographics and Dynamics of Mechanical Turk Workers.**
    > Djellel Eddine Difallah, Elena Filatova, Panos Ipeirotis. Demographics and Dynamics of Mechanical Turk Workers. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 135-143. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159661)


- **Joint Generative-Discriminative Aggregation Model for Multi-Option Crowd Labels.**
    > Kamran Ghasedi Dizaji, Yanhua Yang, Heng Huang. Joint Generative-Discriminative Aggregation Model for Multi-Option Crowd Labels. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 144-152. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159672)


- **Predicting Audio Advertisement Quality.**
    > Samaneh Ebrahimi, Hossein Vahabi, Matthew Prockup, etc. Predicting Audio Advertisement Quality. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 153-161. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159701)


- **Cognitive Biases in Crowdsourcing.**
    > Carsten Eickhoff. Cognitive Biases in Crowdsourcing. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 162-170. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159654)


- **User Profiling through Deep Multimodal Fusion.**
    > Golnoosh Farnadi, Jie Tang, Martine De Cock, etc. User Profiling through Deep Multimodal Fusion. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 171-179. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159691)


- **Orienteering Algorithms for Generating Travel Itineraries.**
    > Zachary Friggstad, Sreenivas Gollapudi, Kostas Kollias, etc. Orienteering Algorithms for Generating Travel Itineraries. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 180-188. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159697)


- **Unsubscription: A Simple Way to Ease Overload in Email.**
    > Iftah Gamzu, Liane Lewin-Eytan, Natalia Silberstein. Unsubscription: A Simple Way to Ease Overload in Email. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 189-197. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159698)


- **Offline A/B Testing for Recommender Systems.**
    > Alexandre Gilotte, Clément Calauzènes, Thomas Nedelec, etc. Offline A/B Testing for Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 198-206. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159687)


- **Care to Share?: Learning to Rank Personal Photos for Public Sharing.**
    > Ido Guy, Alexander Nus, Dan Pelleg, etc. Care to Share?: Learning to Rank Personal Photos for Public Sharing. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 207-215. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159713)


- **Identifying Informational vs. Conversational Questions on Community Question Answering Archives.**
    > Ido Guy, Victor Makarenkov, Niva Hazon, etc. Identifying Informational vs. Conversational Questions on Community Question Answering Archives. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 216-224. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159733)


- **Robust Transfer Learning for Cross-domain Collaborative Filtering Using Multiple Rating Patterns Approximation.**
    > Ming He, Jiuling Zhang, Peng Yang, etc. Robust Transfer Learning for Cross-domain Collaborative Filtering Using Multiple Rating Patterns Approximation. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 225-233. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159675)


- **Ballpark Crowdsourcing: The Wisdom of Rough Group Comparisons.**
    > Tom Hope, Dafna Shahaf. Ballpark Crowdsourcing: The Wisdom of Rough Group Comparisons. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 234-242. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159670)


- **Collaborative Filtering via Additive Ordinal Regression.**
    > Jun Hu, Ping Li. Collaborative Filtering via Additive Ordinal Regression. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 243-251. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159723)


- **Who Will Share My Image?: Predicting the Content Diffusion Path in Online Social Networks.**
    > Wenjian Hu, Krishna Kumar Singh, Fanyi Xiao, etc. Who Will Share My Image?: Predicting the Content Diffusion Path in Online Social Networks. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 252-260. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159705)


- **Listening to Chaotic Whispers: A Deep Learning Framework for News-oriented Stock Trend Prediction.**
    > Ziniu Hu, Weiqing Liu, Jiang Bian, etc. Listening to Chaotic Whispers: A Deep Learning Framework for News-oriented Stock Trend Prediction. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 261-269. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159690)


- **Exploring Expert Cognition for Attributed Network Embedding.**
    > Xiao Huang, Qingquan Song, Jundong Li, etc. Exploring Expert Cognition for Attributed Network Embedding. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 270-278. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159655)


- **Co-PACRR: A Context-Aware Neural IR Model for Ad-hoc Retrieval.**
    > Kai Hui, Andrew Yates, Klaus Berberich, etc. Co-PACRR: A Context-Aware Neural IR Model for Ad-hoc Retrieval. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 279-287. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159689)


- **Recommendation in Heterogeneous Information Networks Based on Generalized Random Walk Model and Bayesian Personalized Ranking.**
    > Zhengshen Jiang, Hongzhi Liu, Bin Fu, etc. Recommendation in Heterogeneous Information Networks Based on Generalized Random Walk Model and Bayesian Personalized Ranking. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 288-296. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159715)


- **Fast and Scalable Distributed Loopy Belief Propagation on Real-World Graphs.**
    > Saehan Jo, Jaemin Yoo, U Kang. Fast and Scalable Distributed Loopy Belief Propagation on Real-World Graphs. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 297-305. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159722)


- **Combating Crowdsourced Review Manipulators: A Neighborhood-Based Approach.**
    > Parisa Kaghazgaran, James Caverlee, Anna Cinzia Squicciarini. Combating Crowdsourced Review Manipulators: A Neighborhood-Based Approach. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 306-314. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159726)


- **Topic Chronicle Forest for Topic Discovery and Tracking.**
    > Noriaki Kawamae. Topic Chronicle Forest for Topic Discovery and Tracking. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 315-323. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159653)


- **Leveraging the Crowd to Detect and Reduce the Spread of Fake News and Misinformation.**
    > Jooyeon Kim, Behzad Tabibian, Alice Oh, etc. Leveraging the Crowd to Detect and Reduce the Spread of Fake News and Misinformation. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 324-332. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159734)


- **REV2: Fraudulent User Prediction in Rating Platforms.**
    > Srijan Kumar, Bryan Hooi, Disha Makhija, etc. REV2: Fraudulent User Prediction in Rating Platforms. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 333-341. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159729)


- **Web Search of Fashion Items with Multimodal Querying.**
    > Katrien Laenen, Susana Zoghbi, Marie-Francine Moens. Web Search of Fashion Items with Multimodal Querying. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 342-350. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159716)


- **Joint Non-negative Matrix Factorization for Learning Ideological Leaning on Twitter.**
    > Preethi Lahoti, Kiran Garimella, Aristides Gionis. Joint Non-negative Matrix Factorization for Learning Ideological Leaning on Twitter. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 351-359. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159669)


- **Bayesian Optimization for Optimizing Retrieval Systems.**
    > Dan Li, Evangelos Kanoulas. Bayesian Optimization for Optimizing Retrieval Systems. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 360-368. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159665)


- **Streaming Link Prediction on Dynamic Attributed Networks.**
    > Jundong Li, Kewei Cheng, Liang Wu, etc. Streaming Link Prediction on Dynamic Attributed Networks. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 369-377. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159674)


- **Inferring Dockless Shared Bike Distribution in New Cities.**
    > Zhaoyang Liu, Yanyan Shen, Yanmin Zhu. Inferring Dockless Shared Bike Distribution in New Cities. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 378-386. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159708)


- **Multi-Dimensional Network Embedding with Hierarchical Structure.**
    > Yao Ma, Zhaochun Ren, Ziheng Jiang, etc. Multi-Dimensional Network Embedding with Hierarchical Structure. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 387-395. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159680)


- **Query Driven Algorithm Selection in Early Stage Retrieval.**
    > Joel M. Mackenzie, J. Shane Culpepper, Roi Blanco, etc. Query Driven Algorithm Selection in Early Stage Retrieval. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 396-404. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159676)


- **Index Compression Using Byte-Aligned ANS Coding and Two-Dimensional Contexts.**
    > Alistair Moffat, Matthias Petri. Index Compression Using Byte-Aligned ANS Coding and Two-Dimensional Contexts. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 405-413. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159663)


- **Fusing Diversity in Recommendations in Heterogeneous Information Networks.**
    > Sharad Nandanwar, Aayush Moroney, M. Narasimha Murty. Fusing Diversity in Recommendations in Heterogeneous Information Networks. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 414-422. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159720)


- **Neural Personalized Ranking for Image Recommendation.**
    > Wei Niu, James Caverlee, Haokai Lu. Neural Personalized Ranking for Image Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 423-431. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159728)


- **Learning to Discover Domain-Specific Web Content.**
    > Kien Pham, Aécio S. R. Santos, Juliana Freire. Learning to Discover Domain-Specific Web Content. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 432-440. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159724)


- **Extreme Multi-label Learning with Label Features for Warm-start Tagging, Ranking &amp; Recommendation.**
    > Yashoteja Prabhu, Anil Kag, Shilpa Gopinath, etc. Extreme Multi-label Learning with Label Features for Warm-start Tagging, Ranking &amp; Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 441-449. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159660)


- **DSANLS: Accelerating Distributed Nonnegative Matrix Factorization via Sketching.**
    > Yuqiu Qian, Conghui Tan, Nikos Mamoulis, etc. DSANLS: Accelerating Distributed Nonnegative Matrix Factorization via Sketching. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 450-458. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159662)


- **Network Embedding as Matrix Factorization: Unifying DeepWalk, LINE, PTE, and node2vec.**
    > Jiezhong Qiu, Yuxiao Dong, Hao Ma, etc. Network Embedding as Matrix Factorization: Unifying DeepWalk, LINE, PTE, and node2vec. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 459-467. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159706)


- **Curriculum Learning for Heterogeneous Star Network Embedding via Deep Reinforcement Learning.**
    > Meng Qu, Jian Tang, Jiawei Han. Curriculum Learning for Heterogeneous Star Network Embedding via Deep Reinforcement Learning. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 468-476. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159711)


- **Leveraging Implicit Contribution Amounts to Facilitate Microfinancing Requests.**
    > Suhas Ranganath, Ghazaleh Beigi, Huan Liu. Leveraging Implicit Contribution Amounts to Facilitate Microfinancing Requests. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 477-485. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159679)


- **FACH: Fast Algorithm for Detecting Cohesive Hierarchies of Communities in Large Networks.**
    > Mojtaba Rezvani, Qing Wang, Weifa Liang. FACH: Fast Algorithm for Detecting Cohesive Hierarchies of Communities in Large Networks. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 486-494. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159704)


- **Measuring the Latency of Depression Detection in Social Media.**
    > Farig Sadeque, Dongfang Xu, Steven Bethard. Measuring the Latency of Depression Detection in Social Media. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 495-503. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159725)


- **Peeling Bipartite Networks for Dense Subgraph Discovery.**
    > Ahmet Erdem Sariyüce, Ali Pinar. Peeling Bipartite Networks for Dense Subgraph Discovery. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 504-512. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159678)


- **Short-Term Satisfaction and Long-Term Coverage: Understanding How Users Tolerate Algorithmic Exploration.**
    > Tobias Schnabel, Paul N. Bennett, Susan T. Dumais, etc. Short-Term Satisfaction and Long-Term Coverage: Understanding How Users Tolerate Algorithmic Exploration. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 513-521. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159700)


- **CrossFire: Cross Media Joint Friend and Item Recommendations.**
    > Kai Shu, Suhang Wang, Jiliang Tang, etc. CrossFire: Cross Media Joint Friend and Item Recommendations. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 522-530. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159692)


- **Modeling Time to Open of Emails with a Latent State for User Engagement Level.**
    > Moumita Sinha, Vishwa Vinay, Harvineet Singh. Modeling Time to Open of Emails with a Latent State for User Engagement Level. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 531-539. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159683)


- **Shortcutting Label Propagation for Distributed Connected Components.**
    > Stergios Stergiou, Dipen Rughwani, Kostas Tsioutsiouliklis. Shortcutting Label Propagation for Distributed Connected Components. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 540-546. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159696)


- **User Intent, Behaviour, and Perceived Satisfaction in Product Search.**
    > Ning Su, Jiyin He, Yiqun Liu, etc. User Intent, Behaviour, and Perceived Satisfaction in Product Search. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 547-555. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159714)


- **Logician: A Unified End-to-End Neural Approach for Open-Domain Information Extraction.**
    > Mingming Sun, Xu Li, Xin Wang, etc. Logician: A Unified End-to-End Neural Approach for Open-Domain Information Extraction. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 556-564. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159712)


- **Personalized Top-N Sequential Recommendation via Convolutional Sequence Embedding.**
    > Jiaxi Tang, Ke Wang. Personalized Top-N Sequential Recommendation via Convolutional Sequence Embedding. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 565-573. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159656)


- **sSketch: A Scalable Sketching Technique for PCA in the Cloud.**
    > Md. Mehrab Tanjim, Muhammad Abdullah Adnan. sSketch: A Scalable Sketching Technique for PCA in the Cloud. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 574-582. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159736)


- **Hyperbolic Representation Learning for Fast and Efficient Neural Question Answering.**
    > Yi Tay, Luu Anh Tuan, Siu Cheung Hui. Hyperbolic Representation Learning for Fast and Efficient Neural Question Answering. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 583-591. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159664)


- **SHINE: Signed Heterogeneous Information Network Embedding for Sentiment Link Prediction.**
    > Hongwei Wang, Fuzheng Zhang, Min Hou, etc. SHINE: Signed Heterogeneous Information Network Embedding for Sentiment Link Prediction. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 592-600. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159666)


- **A Unified Processing Paradigm for Interactive Location-based Web Search.**
    > Sheng Wang, Zhifeng Bao, Shixun Huang, etc. A Unified Processing Paradigm for Interactive Location-based Web Search. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 601-609. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159667)


- **Position Bias Estimation for Unbiased Learning to Rank in Personal Search.**
    > Xuanhui Wang, Nadav Golbandi, Michael Bendersky, etc. Position Bias Estimation for Unbiased Learning to Rank in Personal Search. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 610-618. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159732)


- **A Path-constrained Framework for Discriminating Substitutable and Complementary Products in E-commerce.**
    > Zihan Wang, Ziheng Jiang, Zhaochun Ren, etc. A Path-constrained Framework for Discriminating Substitutable and Complementary Products in E-commerce. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 619-627. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159710)


- **Customer Purchase Behavior Prediction from Payment Datasets.**
    > Yu Ting Wen, Pei-Wen Yeh, Tzu-Hao Tsai, etc. Customer Purchase Behavior Prediction from Payment Datasets. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 628-636. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159707)


- **Tracing Fake-News Footprints: Characterizing Social Media Messages by How They Propagate.**
    > Liang Wu, Huan Liu. Tracing Fake-News Footprints: Characterizing Social Media Messages by How They Propagate. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 637-645. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159677)


- **Indirect Supervision for Relation Extraction using Question-Answer Pairs.**
    > Zeqiu Wu, Xiang Ren, Frank F. Xu, etc. Indirect Supervision for Relation Extraction using Question-Answer Pairs. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 646-654. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159709)


- **Why People Search for Images using Web Search Engines.**
    > Xiaohui Xie, Yiqun Liu, Maarten de Rijke, etc. Why People Search for Images using Web Search Engines. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 655-663. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159686)


- **OpenRec: A Modular Framework for Extensible and Adaptable Recommendation Algorithms.**
    > Longqi Yang, Eugene Bagdasaryan, Joshua Gruenstein, etc. OpenRec: A Modular Framework for Extensible and Adaptable Recommendation Algorithms. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 664-672. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159681)


- **Dynamic Word Embeddings for Evolving Semantic Discovery.**
    > Zijun Yao, Yifan Sun, Weicong Ding, etc. Dynamic Word Embeddings for Evolving Semantic Discovery. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 673-681. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159703)


- **Modelling Domain Relationships for Transfer Learning on Retrieval-based Question Answering Systems in E-commerce.**
    > Jianfei Yu, Minghui Qiu, Jing Jiang, etc. Modelling Domain Relationships for Transfer Learning on Retrieval-based Question Answering Systems in E-commerce. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 682-690. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159685)


- **Review-Aware Answer Prediction for Product-Related Questions Incorporating Aspects.**
    > Qian Yu, Wai Lam. Review-Aware Answer Prediction for Product-Related Questions Incorporating Aspects. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 691-699. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159718)


- **Neural Ranking Models with Multiple Document Fields.**
    > Hamed Zamani, Bhaskar Mitra, Xia Song, etc. Neural Ranking Models with Multiple Document Fields. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 700-708. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159730)


- **Discrete Deep Learning for Fast Content-Aware Recommendation.**
    > Yan Zhang, Hongzhi Yin, Zi Huang, etc. Discrete Deep Learning for Fast Content-Aware Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 717-726. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159688)


- **Micro Behaviors: A New Perspective in E-commerce Recommender Systems.**
    > Meizi Zhou, Zhuoye Ding, Jiliang Tang, etc. Micro Behaviors: A New Perspective in E-commerce Recommender Systems. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 727-735. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159671)


- **Predicting Multi-step Citywide Passenger Demands Using Attention-based Neural Networks.**
    > Xian Zhou, Yanyan Shen, Yanmin Zhu, etc. Predicting Multi-step Citywide Passenger Demands Using Attention-based Neural Networks. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 736-744. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3159682)


- **Event Mining over Distributed Text Streams.**
    > John Calvo Martinez. Event Mining over Distributed Text Streams. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 745-746. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3170462)


- **Connectivity in Complex Networks: Measures, Inference and Optimization.**
    > Chen Chen. Connectivity in Complex Networks: Measures, Inference and Optimization. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 747-748. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3170460)


- **Automatic Ranking of Information Retrieval Systems.**
    > Maram Hasanain. Automatic Ranking of Information Retrieval Systems. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 749-750. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3170458)


- **Mining Twitter for Fine-Grained Political Opinion Polarity Classification, Ideology Detection and Sarcasm Detection.**
    > Sandeepa Kannangara. Mining Twitter for Fine-Grained Political Opinion Polarity Classification, Ideology Detection and Sarcasm Detection. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 751-752. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3170461)


- **Beyond Who and What: Data Driven Approaches for User Characterization.**
    > Aastha Nigam. Beyond Who and What: Data Driven Approaches for User Characterization. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 753-754. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3170455)


- **Engagement and Incentives in Online Community: Observational Data, Prediction Models, and Field Experiments.**
    > Jiezhong Qiu. Engagement and Incentives in Online Community: Observational Data, Prediction Models, and Field Experiments. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 755-756. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3170457)


- **Exploiting Human Mobility Patterns for Point-of-Interest Recommendation.**
    > Zijun Yao. Exploiting Human Mobility Patterns for Point-of-Interest Recommendation. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 757-758. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3170459)


- **Percolator: Scalable Pattern Discovery in Dynamic Graphs.**
    > Sutanay Choudhury, Sumit Purohit, Peng Lin, etc. Percolator: Scalable Pattern Discovery in Dynamic Graphs. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 759-762. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160589)


- **Conversational Semantic Search: Looking Beyond Web Search, Q&amp;A and Dialog Systems.**
    > Paul A. Crook, Alex Marin, Vipul Agarwal, etc. Conversational Semantic Search: Looking Beyond Web Search, Q&amp;A and Dialog Systems. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 763-766. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160590)


- **Supporting Large-scale Geographical Visualization in a Multi-granularity Way.**
    > Mingzhao Li, Zhifeng Bao, Farhana Murtaza Choudhury, etc. Supporting Large-scale Geographical Visualization in a Multi-granularity Way. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 767-770. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160587)


- **Collabot: Personalized Group Chat Summarization.**
    > Naama Tepper, Anat Hashavit, Maya Barnea, etc. Collabot: Personalized Group Chat Summarization. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 771-774. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160588)


- **Influence Maximization in Online Social Networks.**
    > Çigdem Aslay, Laks V. S. Lakshmanan, Wei Lu, etc. Influence Maximization in Online Social Networks. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 775-776. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162007)


- **Differential Privacy for Information Retrieval.**
    > Grace Hui Yang, Sicong Zhang. Differential Privacy for Information Retrieval. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 777-778. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162006)


- **Neural Networks for Information Retrieval.**
    > Tom Kenter, Alexey Borisov, Christophe Van Gysel, etc. Neural Networks for Information Retrieval. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 779-780. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162009)


- **Tutorial on Metrics of User Engagement: Applications to News, Search and E-Commerce.**
    > Mounia Lalmas, Liangjie Hong. Tutorial on Metrics of User Engagement: Applications to News, Search and E-Commerce. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 781-782. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162010)


- **Network Science of Teams: Characterization, Prediction, and Optimization.**
    > Liangyue Li, Hanghang Tong. Network Science of Teams: Characterization, Prediction, and Optimization. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 783-784. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162008)


- **A Critical Review of Online Social Data: Biases, Methodological Pitfalls, and Ethical Boundaries.**
    > Alexandra Olteanu, Emre Kiciman, Carlos Castillo. A Critical Review of Online Social Data: Biases, Methodological Pitfalls, and Ethical Boundaries. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 785-786. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162004)


- **Athlytics: Winning in Sports with Data.**
    > Konstantinos Pelechrinis, Evangelos E. Papalexakis. Athlytics: Winning in Sports with Data. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 787-788. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162005)


- **Mining Knowledge Graphs From Text.**
    > Jay Pujara, Sameer Singh. Mining Knowledge Graphs From Text. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 789-790. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3162011)


- **The 5th International Workshop on Social Web for Disaster Management(SWDM&apos;18): Collective Sensing, Trust, and Resilience in Global Crises.**
    > Yu-Ru Lin, Carlos Castillo, Jie Yin. The 5th International Workshop on Social Web for Disaster Management(SWDM&apos;18): Collective Sensing, Trust, and Resilience in Global Crises. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 791-792. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160594)


- **First Workshop on Knowledge Base Construction, Mining and Reasoning.**
    > Xiang Ren, Craig A. Knoblock, William Yang Wang, etc. First Workshop on Knowledge Base Construction, Mining and Reasoning. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 793-794. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160596)


- **HeteroNAM: International Workshop on Heterogeneous Networks Analysis and Mining.**
    > Shobeir Fakhraei, Yanen Li, Yizhou Sun, etc. HeteroNAM: International Workshop on Heterogeneous Networks Analysis and Mining. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 795-796. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160591)


- **LearnIR: WSDM 2018 Workshop on Learning from User Interactions.**
    > Rishabh Mehrotra, Ahmed Hassan Awadallah, Emine Yilmaz. LearnIR: WSDM 2018 Workshop on Learning from User Interactions. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 797-798. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160598)


- **MIS2: Misinformation and Misbehavior Mining on the Web.**
    > Srijan Kumar, Meng Jiang, Taeho Jung, etc. MIS2: Misinformation and Misbehavior Mining on the Web. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 799-800. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160597)


- **Workshop on Two-sided Marketplace Optimization: Search, Pricing, Matching &amp; Growth.**
    > Mihajlo Grbovic, Thanasis Noulas. Workshop on Two-sided Marketplace Optimization: Search, Pricing, Matching &amp; Growth. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 801-802. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160593)


- **GTA3 2018: Workshop on Graph Techniques for Adversarial Activity Analytics.**
    > Jiejun Xu, Hanghang Tong, Tsai-Ching Lu, etc. GTA3 2018: Workshop on Graph Techniques for Adversarial Activity Analytics. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 803. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160595)


- **IFUP: Workshop on Multi-dimensional Information Fusion for User Modeling and Personalization.**
    > Feida Zhu, Yongfeng Zhang, Neil Yorke-Smith, etc. IFUP: Workshop on Multi-dimensional Information Fusion for User Modeling and Personalization. in Proceedings of the Eleventh ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining, WSDM 2018, Marina Del Rey, CA, USA, February 5-9, 2018(WSDM' 18). 804-805. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/3159652.3160592)
