
- **Nowcasting the macroeconomy with search engine data.**
    > Hal R. Varian. Nowcasting the macroeconomy with search engine data. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 1-2. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124297)


- **Spatially-aware indexing for image object retrieval.**
    > Roelof van Zwol, Lluis Garcia Pueyo. Spatially-aware indexing for image object retrieval. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 3-12. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124299)


- **Auralist: introducing serendipity into music recommendation.**
    > Yuan Cao Zhang, Diarmuid Ó Séaghdha, Daniele Quercia, etc. Auralist: introducing serendipity into music recommendation. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 13-22. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124300)


- **Efficient misbehaving user detection in online video chat services.**
    > Hanqiang Cheng, Yu-Li Liang, Xinyu Xing, etc. Efficient misbehaving user detection in online video chat services. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 23-32. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124301)


- **Beyond co-occurrence: discovering and visualizing tag relationships from geo-spatial and temporal similarities.**
    > Haipeng Zhang, Mohammed Korayem, Erkang You, etc. Beyond co-occurrence: discovering and visualizing tag relationships from geo-spatial and temporal similarities. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 33-42. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124302)


- **Object matching in tweets with spatial models.**
    > Nilesh N. Dalvi, Ravi Kumar, Bo Pang. Object matching in tweets with spatial models. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 43-52. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124303)


- **Beyond 100 million entities: large-scale blocking-based resolution for heterogeneous data.**
    > George Papadakis, Ekaterini Ioannou, Claudia Niederée, etc. Beyond 100 million entities: large-scale blocking-based resolution for heterogeneous data. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 53-62. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124305)


- **Mining contrastive opinions on political texts using cross-perspective topic model.**
    > Yi Fang, Luo Si, Naveen Somasundaram, etc. Mining contrastive opinions on political texts using cross-perspective topic model. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 63-72. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124306)


- **Coupled temporal scoping of relational facts.**
    > Partha Pratim Talukdar, Derry Wijaya, Tom M. Mitchell. Coupled temporal scoping of relational facts. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 73-82. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124307)


- **Overcoming browser cookie churn with clustering.**
    > Anirban Dasgupta, Maxim Gurevich, Liang Zhang, etc. Overcoming browser cookie churn with clustering. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 83-92. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124308)


- **mTrust: discerning multi-faceted trust in a connected world.**
    > Jiliang Tang, Huiji Gao, Huan Liu. mTrust: discerning multi-faceted trust in a connected world. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 93-102. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124309)


- **Of hammers and nails: an empirical comparison of three paradigms for processing large graphs.**
    > Marc Najork, Dennis Fetterly, Alan Halverson, etc. Of hammers and nails: an empirical comparison of three paradigms for processing large graphs. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 103-112. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124310)


- **Pairwise cross-domain factor model for heterogeneous transfer ranking.**
    > Bo Long, Yi Chang, Anlei Dong, etc. Pairwise cross-domain factor model for heterogeneous transfer ranking. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 113-122. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124311)


- **Scalable inference in latent variable models.**
    > Amr Ahmed, Mohamed Aly, Joseph Gonzalez, etc. Scalable inference in latent variable models. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 123-132. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124312)


- **Learning recommender systems with adaptive regularization.**
    > Steffen Rendle. Learning recommender systems with adaptive regularization. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 133-142. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124313)


- **Collaborative ranking.**
    > Suhrid Balakrishnan, Sumit Chopra. Collaborative ranking. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 143-152. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124314)


- **From chatter to headlines: harnessing the real-time web for personalized news recommendation.**
    > Gianmarco De Francisci Morales, Aristides Gionis, Claudio Lucchese. From chatter to headlines: harnessing the real-time web for personalized news recommendation. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 153-162. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124315)


- **ETF: extended tensor factorization model for personalizing prediction of review helpfulness.**
    > Samaneh Moghaddam, Mohsen Jamali, Martin Ester. ETF: extended tensor factorization model for personalizing prediction of review helpfulness. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 163-172. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124316)


- **Multi-relational matrix factorization using bayesian personalized ranking for social network data.**
    > Artus Krohn-Grimberghe, Lucas Drumond, Christoph Freudenthaler, etc. Multi-relational matrix factorization using bayesian personalized ranking for social network data. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 173-182. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124317)


- **Comment spam detection by sequence mining.**
    > Ravi Kant, Srinivasan H. Sengamedu, Krishnan S. Kumar. Comment spam detection by sequence mining. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 183-192. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124318)


- **Mining slang and urban opinion words and phrases from cQA services: an optimization approach.**
    > Hadi Amiri, Tat-Seng Chua. Mining slang and urban opinion words and phrases from cQA services: an optimization approach. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 193-202. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124319)


- **No search result left behind: branching behavior with browser tabs.**
    > Jeff Huang, Thomas Lin, Ryen W. White. No search result left behind: branching behavior with browser tabs. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 203-212. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124322)


- **Characterizing web content, user interests, and search behavior by reading level and topic.**
    > Jin Young Kim, Kevyn Collins-Thompson, Paul N. Bennett, etc. Characterizing web content, user interests, and search behavior by reading level and topic. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 213-222. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124323)


- **Topical clustering of search results.**
    > Ugo Scaiella, Paolo Ferragina, Andrea Marino, etc. Topical clustering of search results. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 223-232. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124324)


- **To each his own: personalized content selection based on text comprehensibility.**
    > Chenhao Tan, Evgeniy Gabrilovich, Bo Pang. To each his own: personalized content selection based on text comprehensibility. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 233-242. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124325)


- **WebSets: extracting sets of entities from the web using unsupervised information extraction.**
    > Bhavana Bharat Dalvi, William W. Cohen, Jamie Callan. WebSets: extracting sets of entities from the web using unsupervised information extraction. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 243-252. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124327)


- **Selecting actions for resource-bounded information extraction using reinforcement learning.**
    > Pallika H. Kanani, Andrew McCallum. Selecting actions for resource-bounded information extraction using reinforcement learning. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 253-262. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124328)


- **Online selection of diverse results.**
    > Debmalya Panigrahi, Atish Das Sarma, Gagan Aggarwal, etc. Online selection of diverse results. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 263-272. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124329)


- **Overlapping clusters for distributed computation.**
    > Reid Andersen, David F. Gleich, Vahab S. Mirrokni. Overlapping clusters for distributed computation. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 273-282. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124330)


- **Sponsored search auctions with conflict constraints.**
    > Panagiotis Papadimitriou, Hector Garcia-Molina. Sponsored search auctions with conflict constraints. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 283-292. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124332)


- **Post-click conversion modeling and analysis for non-guaranteed delivery display advertising.**
    > Rómer Rosales, Haibin Cheng, Eren Manavoglu. Post-click conversion modeling and analysis for non-guaranteed delivery display advertising. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 293-302. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124333)


- **Incorporating revisiting behaviors into click models.**
    > Danqing Xu, Yiqun Liu, Min Zhang, etc. Incorporating revisiting behaviors into click models. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 303-312. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124334)


- **A noise-aware click model for web search.**
    > Weizhu Chen, Dong Wang, Yuchen Zhang, etc. A noise-aware click model for web search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 313-322. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124335)


- **Personalized click model through collaborative filtering.**
    > Si Shen, Botao Hu, Weizhu Chen, etc. Personalized click model through collaborative filtering. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 323-332. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124336)


- **Fair and balanced: learning to present news stories.**
    > Amr Ahmed, Choon Hui Teo, S. V. N. Vishwanathan, etc. Fair and balanced: learning to present news stories. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 333-342. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124337)


- **Extracting search-focused key n-grams for relevance ranking in web search.**
    > Chen Wang, Keping Bi, Yunhua Hu, etc. Extracting search-focused key n-grams for relevance ranking in web search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 343-352. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124338)


- **Query suggestion by constructing term-transition graphs.**
    > Yang Song, Dengyong Zhou, Li-wei He. Query suggestion by constructing term-transition graphs. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 353-362. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124339)


- **Language models for keyword search over data graphs.**
    > Yosi Mass, Yehoshua Sagiv. Language models for keyword search over data graphs. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 363-372. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124340)


- **Large-scale analysis of individual and task differences in search result page examination strategies.**
    > Georg Buscher, Ryen W. White, Susan T. Dumais, etc. Large-scale analysis of individual and task differences in search result page examination strategies. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 373-382. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124341)


- **Sequence clustering and labeling for unsupervised query intent discovery.**
    > Jackie Chi Kit Cheung, Xiao Li. Sequence clustering and labeling for unsupervised query intent discovery. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 383-392. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124342)


- **IR system evaluation using nugget-based test collections.**
    > Virgiliu Pavlu, Shahzad Rajput, Peter B. Golbus, etc. IR system evaluation using nugget-based test collections. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 393-402. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124343)


- **Tapping into knowledge base for concept feedback: leveraging conceptnet to improve search results for difficult queries.**
    > Alexander Kotov, ChengXiang Zhai. Tapping into knowledge base for concept feedback: leveraging conceptnet to improve search results for difficult queries. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 403-412. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124344)


- **Domain bias in web search.**
    > Samuel Ieong, Nina Mishra, Eldar Sadikov, etc. Domain bias in web search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 413-422. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124345)


- **Optimized top-k processing with global page scores on block-max indexes.**
    > Dongdong Shan, Shuai Ding, Jing He, etc. Optimized top-k processing with global page scores on block-max indexes. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 423-432. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124346)


- **Probabilistic models for personalizing web search.**
    > David A. Sontag, Kevyn Collins-Thompson, Paul N. Bennett, etc. Probabilistic models for personalizing web search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 433-442. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124348)


- **Effective query formulation with multiple information sources.**
    > Michael Bendersky, Donald Metzler, W. Bruce Croft. Effective query formulation with multiple information sources. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 443-452. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124349)


- **Learning to rank with multi-aspect relevance for vertical search.**
    > Changsung Kang, Xuanhui Wang, Yi Chang, etc. Learning to rank with multi-aspect relevance for vertical search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 453-462. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124350)


- **Beyond ten blue links: enabling user click modeling in federated web search.**
    > Danqi Chen, Weizhu Chen, Haixun Wang, etc. Beyond ten blue links: enabling user click modeling in federated web search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 463-472. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124351)


- **Finding the right consumer: optimizing for conversion in display advertising campaigns.**
    > Yandong Liu, Sandeep Pandey, Deepak Agarwal, etc. Finding the right consumer: optimizing for conversion in display advertising campaigns. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 473-482. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124353)


- **Fast top-k retrieval for model based recommendation.**
    > Deepak Agarwal, Maxim Gurevich. Fast top-k retrieval for model based recommendation. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 483-492. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124354)


- **Relational click prediction for sponsored search.**
    > Chenyan Xiong, Taifeng Wang, Wenkui Ding, etc. Relational click prediction for sponsored search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 493-502. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124355)


- **&quot;I loan because...&quot;: understanding motivations for pro-social lending.**
    > Yang Liu, Roy Chen, Yan Chen, etc. &quot;I loan because...&quot;: understanding motivations for pro-social lending. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 503-512. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124356)


- **Correlating financial time series with micro-blogging activity.**
    > Eduardo J. Ruiz, Vagelis Hristidis, Carlos Castillo, etc. Correlating financial time series with micro-blogging activity. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 513-522. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124358)


- **Harmony and dissonance: organizing the people&apos;s voices on political controversies.**
    > Rawia Awadallah, Maya Ramanath, Gerhard Weikum. Harmony and dissonance: organizing the people&apos;s voices on political controversies. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 523-532. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124359)


- **Identifying content for planned events across social media sites.**
    > Hila Becker, Dan Iter, Mor Naaman, etc. Identifying content for planned events across social media sites. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 533-542. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124360)


- **Daily deals: prediction, social diffusion, and reputational ramifications.**
    > John W. Byers, Michael Mitzenmacher, Georgios Zervas. Daily deals: prediction, social diffusion, and reputational ramifications. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 543-552. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124361)


- **On clustering heterogeneous social media objects with outlier links.**
    > Guo-Jun Qi, Charu C. Aggarwal, Thomas S. Huang. On clustering heterogeneous social media objects with outlier links. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 553-562. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124363)


- **Adding semantics to microblog posts.**
    > Edgar Meij, Wouter Weerkamp, Maarten de Rijke. Adding semantics to microblog posts. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 563-572. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124364)


- **Exploring social influence via posterior effect of word-of-mouth recommendations.**
    > Junming Huang, Xueqi Cheng, Huawei Shen, etc. Exploring social influence via posterior effect of word-of-mouth recommendations. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 573-582. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124365)


- **Find me opinion sources in blogosphere: a unified framework for opinionated blog feed retrieval.**
    > Xueke Xu, Songbo Tan, Yue Liu, etc. Find me opinion sources in blogosphere: a unified framework for opinionated blog feed retrieval. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 583-592. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124366)


- **Understanding cyclic trends in social choices.**
    > Anish Das Sarma, Sreenivas Gollapudi, Rina Panigrahy, etc. Understanding cyclic trends in social choices. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 593-602. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124367)


- **Maximizing product adoption in social networks.**
    > Smriti Bhagat, Amit Goyal, Laks V. S. Lakshmanan. Maximizing product adoption in social networks. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 603-612. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124368)


- **Answers, not links: extracting tips from yahoo! answers to address how-to web queries.**
    > Ingmar Weber, Antti Ukkonen, Aristides Gionis. Answers, not links: extracting tips from yahoo! answers to address how-to web queries. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 613-622. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124369)


- **A straw shows which way the wind blows: ranking potentially popular items from early votes.**
    > Peifeng Yin, Ping Luo, Min Wang, etc. A straw shows which way the wind blows: ranking potentially popular items from early votes. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 623-632. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124370)


- **A large-scale sentiment analysis for Yahoo! answers.**
    > Onur Kucuktunc, Berkant Barla Cambazoglu, Ingmar Weber, etc. A large-scale sentiment analysis for Yahoo! answers. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 633-642. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124371)


- **What&apos;s in a hashtag?: content based prediction of the spread of ideas in microblogging communities.**
    > Oren Tsur, Ari Rappoport. What&apos;s in a hashtag?: content based prediction of the spread of ideas in microblogging communities. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 643-652. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124320)


- **Tips, dones and todos: uncovering user profiles in foursquare.**
    > Marisa A. Vasconcelos, Saulo M. R. Ricci, Jussara M. Almeida, etc. Tips, dones and todos: uncovering user profiles in foursquare. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 653-662. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124372)


- **When will it happen?: relationship prediction in heterogeneous information networks.**
    > Yizhou Sun, Jiawei Han, Charu C. Aggarwal, etc. When will it happen?: relationship prediction in heterogeneous information networks. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 663-672. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124373)


- **The life and death of online groups: predicting group growth and longevity.**
    > Sanjay Ram Kairam, Dan J. Wang, Jure Leskovec. The life and death of online groups: predicting group growth and longevity. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 673-682. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124374)


- **Evaluating search in personal social media collections.**
    > Chia-Jung Lee, W. Bruce Croft, Jin Young Kim. Evaluating search in personal social media collections. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 683-692. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124375)


- **Learning evolving and emerging topics in social media: a dynamic nmf approach with temporal regularization.**
    > Ankan Saha, Vikas Sindhwani. Learning evolving and emerging topics in social media: a dynamic nmf approach with temporal regularization. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 693-702. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124376)


- **Effects of user similarity in social media.**
    > Ashton Anderson, Daniel P. Huttenlocher, Jon M. Kleinberg, etc. Effects of user similarity in social media. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 703-712. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124378)


- **How user behavior is related to social affinity.**
    > Rina Panigrahy, Marc Najork, Yinglian Xie. How user behavior is related to social affinity. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 713-722. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124379)


- **Finding your friends and following them to where you are.**
    > Adam Sadilek, Henry A. Kautz, Jeffrey P. Bigham. Finding your friends and following them to where you are. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 723-732. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124380)


- **How to win friends and influence people, truthfully: influence maximization mechanisms for social networks.**
    > Yaron Singer. How to win friends and influence people, truthfully: influence maximization mechanisms for social networks. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 733-742. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124381)


- **Inferring social ties across heterogenous networks.**
    > Jie Tang, Tiancheng Lou, Jon M. Kleinberg. Inferring social ties across heterogenous networks. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 743-752. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124382)


- **The secret life of social links.**
    > Hilary Mason. The secret life of social links. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 753-754. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124384)


- **Exploration and discovery of user-generated content in large information spaces.**
    > Luca Chiarandini. Exploration and discovery of user-generated content in large information spaces. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 755-756. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124386)


- **Computational advertising: leveraging user interaction &amp; contextual factors for improved ad relevance &amp; targeting.**
    > Kushal S. Dave. Computational advertising: leveraging user interaction &amp; contextual factors for improved ad relevance &amp; targeting. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 757-758. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124387)


- **The early bird gets the buzz: detecting anomalies and emerging trends in information networks.**
    > Brian Thompson. The early bird gets the buzz: detecting anomalies and emerging trends in information networks. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 759-760. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124388)


- **Characterizing and harnessing peer-production of information in social tagging systems.**
    > Elizeu Santos-Neto. Characterizing and harnessing peer-production of information in social tagging systems. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 761-762. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124389)


- **Mining, searching and exploiting collaboratively generated content on the web.**
    > Eugene Agichtein, Evgeniy Gabrilovich. Mining, searching and exploiting collaboratively generated content on the web. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 763-764. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124391)


- **Collaborative information seeking: understanding users, systems, and content.**
    > Chirag Shah. Collaborative information seeking: understanding users, systems, and content. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 765-766. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124392)


- **Machine learning for query-document matching in search.**
    > Hang Li, Jun Xu. Machine learning for query-document matching in search. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 767-768. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124393)


- **2nd international workshop on diversity in document retrieval (DDR 2012).**
    > Craig Macdonald, Jun Wang, Charles L. A. Clarke. 2nd international workshop on diversity in document retrieval (DDR 2012). in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 769-770. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124395)


- **WSCD 2012: workshop on web search click data 2012.**
    > Pavel Serdyukov, Nick Craswell, Georges Dupret. WSCD 2012: workshop on web search click data 2012. in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Web Search and Web Data Mining, WSDM 2012, Seattle, WA, USA, February 8-12, 2012(WSDM' 12). 771-772. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1145/2124295.2124396)
